Tweet		Sarcasm
So glad I started Beauchamin tonight on my fantasy team.		1
the only bad thing about weed is getting caught with it		1
Yoko killing it on David Letterman tonight.		1
This paper is coming along		1
Ten years down the road I am definitely gonna have to predict the ratio of metal and non metal ions in magnesium and fluorine		1
Rudders is so good		1
When I look at text messages I forget about them because they're not important....		1
Im fucked up alittle. Somebody gonna get this work		1
And now I have to pee....... awesome! Cause I love getting outta bed 10, 000 time before I can finally go to sleep!		1
I love leaving campus at midnight on a school night.		1
Sometimes idiots just brighten my day ,		1
My life is so exciting.......		1
Crying myself to sleep was exactly what I wanted to do tonight.		1
Glad my dryer has ruined two of my camis now		1
I love waking up in the dark and coming home in the dark		1
It's not funny to be funny and it's funny to be not funny.... If you know what I mean!		1
got a lot of things going through my head tonight... 😕 thinking about EVERYTHING that's going on. weee.		1
Now I know where you get your manners from..		1
Boy ive missed these early morning starts...		1
hitting myself in the face with the remote felt awesome.		1
Sitting outside of my work trying to get a ride from a nice coworker is my fave thing to do.		1
you'd think after 4 years of college i would get a handle on my procrastination		1
Tea and soothers will get me through the day hopefully &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
I mean I work at 8 am tomorrow, so staying up till 2 is a fine idea..		1
This bio test tomorrow morning is looking better by the second		1
Lets see what excitement today brings		1
I love how much I randomly wake up in the middle of the night. 😳		1
As if gettin up at 7 &amp; going to school isnt bad enough but then to realise how I forgot my diluted orange on the bus makes it all better		1
Wow I really love not being able to sleep through the night		1
The morning after the night before. On reflection Bayern just about shaded it...		1
My hair is sooo nice and dry today		1
Ticking down the minutes 'til 1am so I can take my online IR test		1
There's a fucking cat outside my window in heat...		1
My TL is virtually dead from 12am to 3am. I must not follow enough students. Or y'all have gotten WEAK.		1
Im such a sweetheart. ♥		1
Broken car, 4 lessons, no lunch .. Today's looking good		1
Imagine living and working and drinking in Crosby		1
Am told the acts at my grad ball tomorrow are lydia lucy from xfactor and some guy from the voice. Great. Glad I paid £30 for that		1
Just another night I get to fall asleep alone.		1
Loves sleeping on the sofa		1
I have to call marriages abroad and see if I can get document rushed through this shall be very fun		1
Good to see Asians on Twitter being optimistic about Amir Khan..		1
Love a good chesty cough 👍		1
Can't sleep at all, tomorrow's going to be fun		1
Can't sleep. So bored. Nobody to talk to.		1
Nothing better than someone else music waking you up!		1
Love random phone calls....		1
Cause waking up and crying is definitely how I wanted to start my day		1
Buzzing bout the weather		1
The sitcom return of michael richards, hahaha that can only end well.		1
I just looove when people don't txt me back but they post on twitter, it really makes me feel like they want to talk to me!		1
Nice weather we're having		1
I love leaving for clinical when the sun is down and the stars are still out....		1
Wow nice update snapchat		1
We're all looking very sexy in our lab coats this morning...		1
My body is in the best condition ever for lab today *-_-*		1
tired plus i have toothache..my life gets better and better more than ever!		1
My teacher just told me that I'm never going to find a husband. My self confidence is through the roof...		1
Ha ha matt the plonker at work has come in wearing shell suit bottoms with a gaffer taped crotch!! Pmsl		1
Why did George W. Bush make the government shutdown?		1
Late at night. Dad is sleeping. And ate is rockin chris brown songs! Man!		1
Perfect whether this week		1
That 6 am alarm clock worked well		1
Another day another doller.. Oh no wait because all this overtime I'm doing I'll get taxed a fortune on.. Yey!		1
Love how everyone tells me things		1
Great start to my day		1
Great way to start off my morning 👌		1
That's always a good thing waking up to a message that says one of your family members died yesterday.		1
Well reversing the wrong way into on coming traffic was a bright idea		1
Nice to see chef in such a great mood today		1
So sleeping in hour increments was fun		1
damn i missed getting up this early ...		1
This is just going to be the best day ever.. 😄		1
I love gym class first period 💙		1
feel really loved right now guys		1
So pumped for necaps man		1
Okay mum. I'll learn how to play the devil went down to Georgia on the violin. Easy		1
Juicy velour sweat suits are still a thing.		1
Well can't drive the mustang until next week great.		1
This week just keeps getting better		1
I love waking up to some Physics in the morning...		1
Always a good start to the when your favorite cereal is all gone		1
Class is suppose to start in an hour but I have no clue where my class has been relocated to...just the way I want to start my day off		1
Today's starting out to be amazing		1
Perfect start to my morning....		1
Today I'm training local teachers on diversity and showing samples of microaggressions experienced in my real job		1
Having literature in the morning is one of the better decisions I've made.		1
Ah good to see the Scottish weather has returned to normal		1
That good morning text I got this morning&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
Spilled water all over my pants on my way to school. Great way to start off my day! 😒		1
Bout to do some last minute studying for these proctored midterms I have today!!		1
Great way to start a day.		1
Perfect day to wake up really sick		1
Thank you everyone on my twitter feed for reminding me that it's October 3rd I genuinely appreciate it		1
just loveee being on hold		1
Well that's a great way to start off my morning!		1
I look outside. Straight downpour.. this walk to school should be fun this morning.		1
Today I received something as a Fulbright in Turkey that many Americans in US don't have - health insurance.		1
Today is just AWESOME. 😒		1
Love being so replaceable..		1
Sad thing is men think just because you used to be intimate in the past it's easy to climb in the bed again		1
Working all weekend		1
Well this is going to be an eventful day		1
I love waking up at 8 for a lab that only takes 20 minutes		1
Oh yayyyyyy school 😫🔫		1
It's just been such a great morning...		1
Hey, it's October 3rd. Isn't that in a movie or something?		1
I just love burning my hand with a straightening iron.		1
Oh the rush to get to school on time! Fun fun fun.		1
I just love feeling like shit.		1
It must be said,"Pakistani politicos are blessed with some of the brightest brains in the world!"		1
How did David Clarkson do in his first two games for the Leafs?		1
12 hour day yayyyy		1
shoulders are sore....specialty lanes are gonna be a blast!		1
Best breakfast ever		1
Sitting with all my friends at breakfast		1
I love how she makes up crazy ass good prizes when they don't answer their phones..."A million dollars and a trip around the world".		1
Man i missed some major class time with that assembly		1
Totally the way I wanted to wake up		1
On my way to school. Fun shit...		1
Yay for stress and migraines!!		1
Caught whatever illness has been making its way around the office.		1
Havin a great time not at disclosure		1
The most tired I've been all semester... And it's time for exercise class.		1
Perfect way to start off my day.		1
Let's all root for Delmon Young because he's a great person		1
Getting to school at 7:30		1
I'm so glad my cold is worse today.		1
And so the rain begins. Today will be fun.		1
Hey, does anyone know what Banksy is up to these days?		1
Got a clean shot on a deer this morning and wasn't able to find it. Awesome. Just awesome.		1
11 hour day .... And I'm sicker than a dog.		1
Since the there can’t possibly be those wavy and wispy high-level clouds anymore, right?		1
UPS cuts power to all outlets for second when I add or remove something? Yay... Liebert UPS... Fantastic job.. 1		1
Presidents cup. So fancy.		1
What's today's date? No one on my feed has posted any kind of movie reference that would give me a clue.		1
Literally all we do in this math class is sit and play on our phones for 90 mins.		1
This day is just stupendous!		1
5ever scared to death every night thanks to syaf		1
Well today's off to a great start...		1
Also noted when seeing people's social media profiles: so many Muslim theologians mashallah! How wonderful! Everyones a theologian!		1
54 govs have shut down for over 50 years. A few days won't hurt U...much		1
I love how I'm always second best to everyone. How everyone would rather hang out with someone else than me. I feel really special.		1
I love it when my blinkers stop working.. such a comforting feeling.		1
"Weapons don't kill, communication does"		1
Jesus spanish really is a great way to end the day		1
Don't get on blackboard one day and I have thirty two notifications. Ggggrrrrreeeeaaaattttt		1
What's the point of having a lock down drill when none of the doors lock?		1
Of course my skirt flew up the moment I passed a giant line of school children waiting to enter Varsity Stadium.		1
Good thing my coach game me enough time to take a shower after workout so I don't smell in my class!		1
The post run ice bath really starts to bite you come the autumn.		1
Tomorrow is suppose to me 41 degrees with snow... isn't that awesome?		1
Woowwww you are SOOOO cool.		1
Ok I've got 523 interactions on Facebook in 2 hours...and ZERO on Twitter. Twitter is fun because it's about limited interaction.		1
What a way to start off my day		1
God Damn Obama. Taxing us rich folk so people in need have affordable healthcare and don't die in the streets. Makes me sick !		1
damn this is such a good song, let me play it 86 times an hour until I hate it!		1
Awh yeah walking home in the rain. Yeah love rain yeah 🙌💦☔️		1
I love how a criminal mastermind went to for his masters..		1
Day of fun at the District Attorney Office in Charlotte		1
Love being at the dentist , so much fun yaaaa		1
stuffing and licking envelopes is what every 18 year old girl wants to do with her spare time.		1
Morning sickness is going away!		1
Just having to listen to a monotone professor and a deaf person just makes Tuesday and Thursdays great!		1
Sunny and 75 in plymouth		1
You don't realize how original your twitter feed is until it's October 3rd...		1
Great! Microsoft brought back the advertisements to Outlook. I missed them so much!		1
I feel honored, I now have my own personal class attendance keeper!		1
I just love how i always get interrupted when talking to someone.		1
That makes me feel great about myself.		1
Had a lunch meeting with a BIG dutch company. They want to become the 'Rabobank' in Running. Any value PRO team available in our sport?		1
Just got invited to a party in Italy, no sweat, i'll just hop on my private jet and meet ya there		1
Aw it's so nice when your friends think your sciving		1
Nothing Better than being at court for 3 hrs		1
200 days until my birthday!		1
I'm thinking sweet garlic chicken with veggies for Ryan for dinner.. &amp; turkey meatballs for me. Since I eat so amazingly.		1
Okay so I didn't quite make it out the house still too poorly but I do feel more human! My holiday has really started well		1
Wow! Government shutdown really does have no effect.		1
Well, today is just peachy.		1
Yep, I really wanted to spend my entire morning at the health center...		1
Atleast when stuff like this happens I have people to count on		1
I'm definitely your best friend		1
Time to study.		1
Wish I could be you		1
3classes. 3 quizzes.. I love college.		1
I have pretty much all weirdos in my class		1
big shoutout to trent briskie for being the greatest, most helpful partner of all time!		1
yeyyyyy for working all dayyyyy...		1
got to love a bit of hockey		1
This year is gonna be funnnnnnn		1
I. Am. Soaked.		1
Oh October third. What a great day		1
Yeah cus I always like my ex's picture..		1
Ahhhh. XML - how I &lt;3 thee.		1
Not looking forward to being at south alllll day today.		1
Just chipped my tooth by sneezing...this is the start of a great day		1
I just love waking up early to write an essay I should have done last week		1
do not invite me to raves on Facebook		1
Miley quote-'I can just have fun &amp; not think about any kind of repercussion' ..well, at least shes realistic about how the world works!		1
LOVE walking home in the rain		1
If u didn't wanna take on the responsibility of being a parent then u shouldn't of even considered having children.		1
Fantasy football suggests I drop Jason witten for josh freeman seems like a legit idea		1
Pops is having surgery today, mom kicked me out via text message. All around good day I'd say		1
Just got home to find out I have my first orthodontic appointment		1
A boolean value is true or false.		1
Ahh my life just keeps getting better and better, huge crack across my whole phone. Life is good		1
There is an intense debate going on today about getting fighting between coaches out of the game, right? No place for it!!		1
Lets attempt to burn down the "house" with fiscal irresponsibility and gross overspending and then blame conservative		1
Man is SO much fun!		1
And they make u the bad one n say oh ive been a fool. Because u didnt obviously do anyting hurtfully wrong		1
Dear US Government, thank you for a wonderful birthday gift. My family really appreciates everything you do for America.		1
Went shopping today and bought all the wrong things!! So I'll have another trip tomorrow to change everything!		1
The Starbucks Spanish cutie gave me am extra size cup for the price of a grande.		1
My runners are so pretty		1
Off to a child protection course later. Oh this will be so much fun.		1
Someone left garbage in the elevator in the ag building		1
Well that was a productive study hall..		1
More tablets in my life!		1
When it decides to pour while your walking across campus ...		1
So pumped for this Browns/Bills game tonight! Thanks NFL Network!		1
Not good enough... What a shocker		1
Feeling nauseas at work tonight sure will be fun!		1
Power cuts are great craic		1
Homework my favourite part of the day		1
Late night studying		1
Holy family university, found my college		1
I love how my "friends" talk crap on me behind my back.		1
I love it when I'm so distracted by the paper I'm writing that I forget to go to class.		1
O it's suppose to rain? Ya my dad got me a rain suit! Cool		1
Fuck us she ever warm out		1
Double standards are truly great.		1
Keep throwing shit at me, this day isn't bad enough yet.		1
Phil with the thumbs up already		1
Thanks for being so helpful Shawnee State.		1
So disappointed I didn't Cupid shuffle with all six of the other people dancing 😂		1
I love when I walk outside and it smells like weed		1
3rd block is so productive		1
I've done so much today		1
Really pumped about adding medical insurance AND having to back pay for the plan on my next paycheck. Should be cute.		1
Emily has a great voice....		1
The smiles that exude from the faces of the Walmart consumer service staff rivals the staff at my local DMV.		1
I love it!		1
Gotta love going to math in uniform.		1
For those of you that go "mudding" you are probably out there tearing up someone's pasture/field or a back road somewhere. So good job		1
Watching people fist fight is hilarious.		1
Can't wait to go back to college next week		1
Again some characters on this show are on crack due to the "good" writing		1
It's really cute when a girls thong is hanging out of her pants		1
Love crying in lunch because I still mis him		1
You give us a worksheet then tell us you're not gonna collect it.. And you really think I'm still gonna do it....		1
my school just had an "active shooter drill". i heart america.		1
No, the concussion jokes aren't getting old.		1
Day just keeps getting better ....		1
Walking in the pouring rain....love it		1
You treat us like children		1
I apologize for the my story snap. Great idea snapchat..		1
Dead coyote in the shoulder and a dead cat in the middle of the road. A pleasant commute this morning.		1
Nice day at work in this weather		1
Olazabal really mixing up these pairings		1
I'm wearing pink sweat pants and a blue hoodie and my dad looked at me and said "no wonder everyone thinks your a fashion icon."		1
i love walking in the rain with my glasses on.		1
Si excited about My performance review tomorrow.		1
No practice? But I wanted to get better		1
Aye just about 4 or 5 essays to do...sure it will be great fun.		1
Gosh being a girl is great		1
Drivers training test today.		1
Football at 10 in the rain tonight WOHOOO 👋		1
About to try to sign up for classes order books//get things together. This all sounds like a lot of fun, doesn't it?		1
I love having lectures in Llanbadarn.		1
Rainy day and I'm sick with a parasite. Life is great.		1
Ahhh M56 traffic 🚙🚗🚕🚛🚙🚗🚕🚛		1
Goodie. Our authentication system is having a nerve storm. Students can't log in.		1
Another fire in this town... How surprising		1
Appraisals are all well and fun right ;)		1
embracing the natural look. i love my curly hair		1
Packing everything up to head home today...have an interview tomorrow then heading out to Roswell!!! One day I'll stop travelling...lol		1
I love when twitter doesn't tell me I have a message		1
Article in today's star "Japanese more likely to hurl themselves under trains after prolonged spells of rain" such a happy article		1
To the person blaring your music very loud, thank you. You have kept me from studying for a test.		1
Raccoon eyes are soooooooooooooo sexy.		1
Glasto coach tickets sold out in like 40 minutes... Looking forward to the mad rush on Sunday morning then!!		1
I love that you don't talk to me about anything.		1
Today we are touring the Library.... WOOOOOO! Really?!		1
Finally, 1st chance to read the news. Find out what other uncivilized act has been committed toward the destruction of the world		1
I hate how out of the loop I am...		1
Chem test today, calc test tomorrow yay college life		1
El oh el. My dad is too funny sometimes. He knows just what to say to make me feel special.		1
Obviously since Senate Democrats voted "No" four times and didn't come to the negotiating tabe, it's a		1
I get to commute 40 minutes one way today! Woot woot!		1
Two goals for the day: write a paper and learn all the words top an ed sheeran Do song. Seems solid to me lol		1
Ughh doing responsible adult things. Thanks a lot Obama.		1
Oh wow so happy I still can't practice today wow seriously the best day ever wohoooooo		1
I just love going all the way to the shopping center on my own for the next couple hours		1
I thought that was gunna be sumthin good		1
Why do we do so much work in civics		1
Lol bitch can't even make bagel bites		1
My toe shall be out of use for the next 2-3 weeks, this should be fun		1
I would like to thank my mother for giving me her nervousness/anxiety		1
Well that was a productive mentoring class.		1
my favorite days at work are the days when everyone is fighting and nothing is getting done.		1
You do make me laugh		1
THAT'D BE GREAT! THANKS, but no thanks..		1
I love when people resort back to their 5th grade actions		1
Bills vs Browns tonight! Man am I excited!		1
my plan for today is eat nap shower homework....		1
You all be jealous of my great wifi speeds		1
Just because your a freshman, it doesn't mean you get to act like you're cooler than all the middle schoolers.		1
Wow I love when people point out how small my waist is!		1
And what a fantastic day it's gonna be today...		1
Can't contain my excitement...		1
Gunshots at the Capitol building? Gee, what a surprise.		1
Shots fired at Capitol Hill. America is doing very well right now		1
Homework is just tops		1
I'm really digging the early 2000's music selection here at the blood drive		1
Being mean is an attractive trait		1
This is a really great time to be 100% alone		1
Gun shots heard in US....*shocked face*		1
Yay! I'm getting sick again		1
So there was a shooting at the U.S. Capitol... Guess he didn't know it was a "gun free zone"		1
Yeah my life just seems to get better and better everyday!!!		1
Be Jaysus Longford/Offaly ... Been a while		1
Love how I ask my sister to get me some deodorant and and she buys me sainsbury's bloody own!!? 👍😳😱		1
My job description has been extended. I am now supposed to be a mind-reader.		1
How can there be a shooting at the US Capitol?! They have the strictest gun laws among the US?		1
Shots fired on Capitol Hill. Let the stupidity keep going folks. This is just what we needed.		1
I really love it when professors lecture the first fifteen minutes of class on test day -______-		1
I love when I don't have a voice and I have to explain my drawings		1
laptop crashed oh no		1
Want to hear from someone with a great football brain?, tune into to hear Dean Saunders take on the Swansea game		1
LOVE Getting treated like shit 👌		1
This is gonna be the best weekend ever.		1
Then he said my hair has seen better days.... Bryan is just lovely.		1
Yay time for class!		1
My review is fantastic		1
Capital attacked... Maybe the government will open back up...		1
I do love it when you walk past me and act like you don't know me		1
Nice to know you have my back 🙅		1
I just love math		1
The problem with twitter? Never heard of anyone dating as a result of it. It's not really social media then?		1
Sorry for my Unsportsman-like tweet Let me try again. wooh lets go As lets beat the Phenomenal Detroit tigers they are a great team		1
Spilled my pre-workout all over myself- good thing I wasn't in my car or had nice clothes on		1
Shooting at the Capitol? Yeah, there's a shock		1
Hahaha it's cute when guys talk shit to girls		1
The highlight of my day is when i receive my "Today in Compass" email from		1
Well I have pen all over my white pants great!!!		1
Welp, this is cool.		1
Referee is having a stormer in the Swansea game		1
Totally think our school football team could beat england anyday		1
LOL played 3 girls at the same time now . You sure are a man		1
Oh no, Billy The Kid just died.		1
Yayy time to work!		1
Arrived at my psych research study only to find that I need to be 18 to participate. THANKS FOR THE WARNING BEFORE I SIGNED UP		1
You couldn't put in any more effort if you tried...		1
Gunshot near U.S. Capitol.... Oh that's great 😳		1
It's the best when people don't reply!!		1
Bring on the holidays		1
my favorite thing is when people act different around their friends.		1
Listening to a speech on Genetically Modified Organisms... Exactly how i wanted to spend my afternoon.		1
Touched down in FL!!! 🌴		1
Being told that someone wants you dead is just the greatest feeling		1
Oh yeah way start bike week.....		1
I just love coming home to my mother screaming		1
I'm so glad my face is beat red in my license....		1
Nothing better than feeling invisible... 😔		1
when you call me and I hear girls talking in the background, just makes me feel great		1
I just love pop physics quizzes		1
awesause way to end my day.		1
Real shame that the clowns get to be embarrassed on national television this evening		1
Since the government shut down i can't renew my passport meaning i can't go on birthright if i get accepted......AWESOME		1
Because tucking in our shirts will help us in life		1
Nothing better than being a failure! :D		1
Bama doin it big! ... ill be patiently waiting for the sanctions hammer to smash them		1
Feelin pretty great right now.		1
Watching golf with Jonny Miller and now Keith Olberman for baseball...great		1
Wait did Cady ask Aaron or did Aaron ask Cady....????		1
Love when my bf plays FIFA...😒. His raging is out of control.		1
5 days without a single workout and counting. I blame the changing of the seasons.		1
with this whole week. Just keeps getting better..		1
bring US to standstill as they're against the 99% getting healthcare, but of course it's Obama's fault.		1
I'd be worried bout something that's 5 months away too		1
I just love a whole day of sitting and watching dance		1
Ignorance is the way forward...		1
Capitol Hill attack, good thing government is shut down so no one was hurt...		1
Nevermind I like when you treat me like crap!!		1
Yayyy for 25 hours of community service		1
Apparently other people know more about me than I do?		1
Our country's complex problems could be fixed if congress just listened to all these simple solutions people post on facebook		1
Life is about to get real crappy. Yayyy senior year.		1
I have the best luck...		1
A hidden feature in the new iOS is not being able to text. LLLLLove it.		1
sup news crew blocking my road		1
Love getting ignored and long replies me cho		1
Sittin on the side of the road because my work truck blew up. Sweet.		1
wad u wan freddy? im tryna learn..		1
Haha gets better and better like		1
That just put me in a great mood before my game....		1
Another shooting in Washington D.C?! Now I feel wonderful about being in the Army......		1
Love working a 16 hour day		1
signed up for SAT's....		1
I just love my family so freaking much everyone is so nice to me on my freaking birthday it's unfreakingbelievable		1
Dammit man I'm always forever missing the good stuff thanks to that wonderful invention known as homework		1
Cried off my makeup. The puffy, red eyed me is super attractive. 😒		1
and just like that, all of a sudden, im ill. Chest is in fucking agony. Love all that.		1
Another day in paradise at north pem		1
So excited to be back at the doctors office😒...		1
My social life is mint		1
this lady on FB just said my senior photos look a little like Lindsey Lohan.....like... thanks.		1
Two faced ppl are my favvv😊		1
Having a full day of college and then baby sitting till 2 in the morning is my idea of fun		1
There's nothing I love more than coming home and crying my eyes out.		1
totally looking forward to a 5 hour course in yorkton today.		1
I am starving, yet I feel too queasy to eat. makes sense.		1
Always nice when your talking on the phone to your boyfriend and he says you sound like shit...		1
Wrk at 5 can't wait...		1
I think that Iowa State may have a big game today?		1
Thanks for being a true friend		1
Nice...Ontario gave MLSE $500k for NBA All Star game. Money was just laying around anyway; wouldn't be useful for anything else.		1
Buzzing to be at work for 7am in ptown.....		1
Two weeks in a row		1
Love when my car breaks down		1
Love how caring some people are 😋		1
Thank you Republicans for shutting down food/nutrition for needy children in effort to shut down access to healthcare for needy.		1
My stomach is messed up again, that's great.		1
That just makes my day so much better		1
Washington DC has the strictest gun control in the country - yet there was a shooting.		1
So many people told me happy birthday at school today, im glad to see you all care... Not		1
fixing other peoples computers is my favourite thing to do on a Thursday night		1
Love the fact my phones been fucked the whole of today...		1
Had fun playing in the rain earlier.		1
Oh yea David Freese shouldn't be on third base makes sense...		1
Gotta love these hot ass days for bow hunting		1
Great start Brandon 👌		1
Well that was fun... I thoroughly enjoyed being stabbed with needles...		1
I love eating supper alone		1
I just had a revelation. Every one of my friends has been asked to homecoming, and I haven't. Maybe I should work on my people skills.		1
Well this day just keeps get'n dandier &amp; dandier		1
Thanks comcast for letting me know you bill one month in advance. You guys are really great		1
Hmm thanks for trying to make this a good last year		1
Time to take tickets for 2 hours...		1
The highlight of my Thursdays are when Nicks friends break into my house after football to shower		1
i love when people openly stare/talk about my tits, i know they are huge but you're rude as fuck. ✋		1
oh my gosh! all of the Mean Girls references of today being October 3rd are SOOOO not getting old!!!!! :D		1
A Carlos Beltran postseason home run?		1
I have been so busy I completely forgot about What a shame.		1
Couples who have the same haircut. That's cute		1
So glad our family is more important to you. Picture will be super exciting now.		1
good thing wisdom teeth are reallllllly comfortable.		1
AJ Burnett really looks like a class act between his massive chaw and 40 tattoos		1
I love getting attacked by the silk worms....		1
I would really like to see more tweets about the parade		1
Pirates look like a real solid playoff team		1
I love when people copy me..		1
Shocking. Our Betters In Washington, DC have decided that the armed men who protect them from the unwashed masses are essential staff.		1
Perfect day to wear white jeans		1
Really love hearing Lauren and cole fight constantly.		1
Good solid start for the pirates. They can totally come back from a 7-0 hole		1
Well, that was cool 👍 I'm rlly impressed. Haha		1
Nice to see AJ Burnett living up to his clutch ways.		1
Wow happy fucking birthday to me		1
So glad I get to spend my anniversary with the entire football team...		1
I wish my teacher would email me back.. But I guess it's cool		1
Well that's a shocker..		1
The one night I go out of my way to make my dinner... My mom calls and says she's gonna get popeyes. Fml, fantastic timing mom		1
Sleep, gym, university, sleep		1
Yay!!! Major police and Secret service action in DC!!! My best friend goes there in 3 weeks!!!		1
Today's just been wonderful.		1
Well this weekend is off to a great start		1
k thanks bitch. that's what I wanted to talk about. thanks for ruining my night. you're the best.		1
It smells good with a sweaty football player in the car !		1
I have to do laundry today. Fun fun		1
I think its cute that Bay Port wants to have a jaguar theme for tomorrow, its really creative and clever		1
Thanks for inviting me guys! Shows how much you care 😏😏		1
This year jus keeps getting better and better I'm going to have to see a chiropractor for my rib yay		1
Here goes a 5 mile walk.		1
Went to sleep at sunrise, went to class, slept through another class...woke up at sunset		1
I love when I don't get asked if I want to switch schedules with one of my co-workers and they just switch it for me :)		1
Thanks class of 2016 for helping with the float.		1
Two great matches in a row!		1
I love when my parents argue.		1
i love it when i get poison ivy AND poison sumack . nature just loves me.		1
get a whole extra hour in bed tomorrow!		1
Branding cows my favorite thing to do		1
Had to force my little brother to take a car ride with me 😒		1
Keeping busy is really easy when you have a million things that need to get done! Aren't I lucky?		1
Wow GTA online works so good!!!		1
Little athlete is over here sleeping on facetime. How adorable.		1
I love fire drills		1
This cardinals pirates game is a barn burner		1
Please please please tweet more about your problems		1
Can't wait to party all weekend 🍻🎉		1
Ive just been having the best of luck today...		1
The way you flip of the camera frightens me.		1
Don't you just love a good liar?		1
I really hope I'm not waiting oomf time		1
Thank you phone charger for actually charging my phone		1
I love the "what should the Wild wear?" tweets.		1
Kings vs Wild. Just the game I wanted to watch tonight.		1
So was amazing. But of course they made the terrorists right-wing extremists from Kansas.		1
Gee i really apprectiate what you did there		1
Love getting random guys numbers and hugs from them		1
Fluid Mechanics is such an interesting topic to get lectured to for 3 hours		1
So ready for that bus ride to Dallas		1
My peers are so classy		1
She shouldn't talk about herself like that.... That's not very nice....		1
Nice to know you really care....		1
Luckily it was my Wonder Woman Bombshell statue. No biggie.		1
Night in the paramedics tent woooo		1
Just what I wanted to hear from you		1
I love when my mom is in a piss poor mood.		1
Lol!!! I love how my purple bra dyed all my whites purple !!!!! Lol		1
wow my little brothers so nice to me...		1
I almost always have good days at school but right when I get home my day turns upside down!		1
Done working out.. Now it’s time for homemade pizza and a Redd’s strawberry ale.		1
Wow that makes me feel real good.		1
Really all that will happen for my birthday tomorrow is that i'll change my twitter description from 16 to 17..		1
I like Scandal because Huck lays it all on the line		1
What a sweet time to be leaving the military and be a veteran.		1
I really do love fighting with you like it just makes my day so much better..		1
How can we go from being such close friends and now we are complete strangers. I guess it was just a summer fling.		1
Love it when my whole family leaves me home by myself		1
I just love driving in the rain.		1
Being sick is so fun.		1
I just love not getting home till 8:20 every school night 😍		1
My knee brace is going to compliment my Farm Friday outfit so nicely		1
yay for research papers		1
Can't wait to listen to mike mayock all night		1
I have the best luck!		1
Mt brother just tackled me to the ground infront of all his teammates.. thank you nicholas thats exactly what I wanted to do		1
Absolutely love when people judge you and the don't even know you		1
My phone is only out at dinner so I can about you. Super cool. I know.		1
I love coming home from football then doing homework until I go to bed		1
my favorite time of the year on twitter, hockey season......		1
Ohhhh how I love soccer tan lines...		1
I love how this Sociology paper makes complete sense.		1
Why would anyone go to tjs on a Thursday oh wait I did		1
BEAT LA CHANT... how original...		1
Spilled ice cream all over me today. Today was a good day.		1
Brandon fucking Weeden		1
Had a productive day for our project		1
Wow...Weeden miraculously healthy and has his job back with the Hoyer injury.		1
Those sure look impressive!		1
I might get a little silly tonight. Just a little silly.		1
Tired. Nine hour work shift in the morning. Then maybe a five hour shift at night. Tomorrow is going to be fun.		1
I'm going definitely going to need to know transversals and angles when I'm older.		1
So my mom thinks i "may have slight mental issues" thanks alot mom		1
Gravity just seems like an awesome movie		1
Because being the third wheel is a blast.		1
Omg I can swing dance !!		1
Weird how somebody comes up in ur conversation when not even asked for it.		1
Love getting home from a game late and having tons of hw.		1
Shout out to my gov teacher for not giving us our study guides back when we have a test tomorrow		1
AJ!!! Nice job by Evan Gattis on that fly ball		1
This game is going great.		1
I guess you don't care about our friend ship anymore. What a great best friend!		1
I love telling a story and realizing at the end that the person you're talking to wasn't listening/doesn't care.		1
Well that was a nice conversation		1
It's just great how you constantly ditch plans at the last minute, that's my favorite part of your personality		1
Man... Surprised the umps didn't call the 'infield fly' rule on that...		1
Somebody Saïd this we was gonna get our ass whooped		1
Fuck going platinum, I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum....		1
Another night without seeing you. Great 😔		1
No dad really it's ok to take 20 hours to bring home my dinner since ya know I haven't eaten since 2 this afternoon		1
Having 7 kids who have never played a full NHL season helps so much		1
I'm really good at calling hockey games		1
Eliot Johnson coming up big for Atl.		1
Remember when T.O. was a big thing?		1
I love when I try and make plans and get "stood up" .		1
But now I am going to court again Wed to be charged with another		1
Well that went well		1
Hey, I'm glad you were there....		1
i like way the way friends become strangers		1
I love when Kels doesn't text me back.😊😒		1
I love when people text me and not tell me who they are.		1
The fact that I just spent over an hour analyzing the rhetorical effectiveness of "The Runaway Bunny"..damn u Antonio, damn u.		1
Not getting a reply for hours...		1
We need more plastic, celebrity worshipping people in this world!		1
A huge test in every class tomorrow? Oh okay... It's not Friday or anything...		1
I don't like boys with dark skin		1
omg! what a kiss!!		1
I love it when those people i hate gets in trouble. Harhar		1
Looking forward to that 3.5 hours of homework I have		1
It was fun flying onto my back on floor tonight after I did a bad whip... 😒		1
It's really funny how you do that 😒		1
Good thing I picked up Hoyer from the waiver wire this week		1
This team is FUN to watch!		1
Thanks to all the vball girls for drawing on my beautiful car...		1
I'm glad I did all my homework tonight....		1
Dead tired and an early class tomorrow		1
I just love allergies.		1
Glad I know what I'm wearing to a wedding that's two days away 😳		1
my sling is pretty cute though		1
Continuing with Walking Dead...despite that I don't really know why there are Zombies, it's clear we can't be prepared. Oh no.		1
I'm so excited for double gym tomorrow		1
I'm going to have so much fun in my room playing call of duty!		1
Idk maybe I'm just a cheapo		1
6:45am workout 👌		1
Wonder if that was to me.		1
Ha I'm short? a lot shorter than you		1
Once again im glad i got the opportunity to help my team..		1
I hate people who judge you for the mistakes you've made in the past. It's like sorry I forgot you were perfect.		1
Oh got love being ignored!		1
Waiting for your foo to come when you're starving is like waiting for Jesus to walk the earth again!!		1
as soon as glee ends it cuts to a picture of kp and a one minute promo about our scandalous school		1
The friends that ignore you are just the greatest.		1
I love how accurate is. Every single person moves to New York and immediately gets their dream role while still in college.		1
Well that bad news just topped my night		1
The worlds greatest dad award goes to Olivia's Father		1
we talk a lot. it's nice		1
Defo looking forward to the early start for college now I've woken up at this time		1
Sleep all day, sleep all night 😴 life's good		1
Definitely feeling the love.		1
Oh so you are on a new fandom, such a surprise		1
Guess NO homecoming for me Thats just fantastic!!!		1
Such a good night		1
I love getting off work to 500 texts of you bitching at me.		1
Went through 4 tissue boxes today! As you can tell I feel great!		1
Good start boys good start		1
Oh, isn't that shocking.		1
No party McCarty? How about a fire with evacuation how's that for a party		1
Guys are so classy at amat !		1
I love coming home at 9:10pm from a swim meet😍💜		1
Some good ice here in San Jose huh?		1
Yeah these Thursday night games are so good for the players.		1
Barely started doing my essay. Wooo		1
Glad allergy season is here to kill me and my throat		1
Probably the most comfortable shower I've ever taken		1
Mr. Suchor will be the death of me		1
So excited to watch this cowboy movie tomorrow 😃		1
Well, that was a calm last 3:00.		1
Can't wait to wake up extra early tm to sign up for powder puff		1
Days off in October I've confidently dressed myself as a member of society: 1/1. More days off soon to report on		1
Mom pretty much just told me she would rather me get ran over today besides her dog, should have let her die		1
Buffalo's defense great pickup,		1
Your so funny .		1
After all this, we're going to stop talking after one argument. Tonight is the worst night ever.		1
Going on day 3 of no feelings in my arms or legs.		1
thanks, really appreciate your comfort.		1
Going to bed on that happy note, what an amazing day 😒		1
Coooooool, another fucking ticket 😔👮🔫 I have the best luck in the world		1
Can y'all tweet that quote one more time? I missed it 😒😒😒 smh		1
Wide awake at 5 AM - wohooooo! Insomnia rocks!		1
Now an essay 😜😃		1
I love staying up late doing homework!		1
He doesn't wanna talk to you chick lol idgaf if you're "the best friend" it me he wanna talk to lmmfao		1
Great talking for 30 minutes!		1
she left, and i didnt say a word, thanks mom😑😑		1
This week has been such a great week		1
Give Greg Robinson a raise!		1
Okay UT. You should be really proud of yourself for beating Iowa State by ONE point.		1
Texas winning that game must have been predestined before the foundations of the earth were laid.		1
please continue to openly discuss this		1
So glad to be getting to spend my Birthday at Foreman on the sidelines with crutches tomorrow		1
Swollen foot? Just what I needed!		1
My life is so fascinating		1
it's awesome knowing that i'm always gonna be your second choice ..		1
sorry it didn't go your way..		1
Sound brain, 4am is a decent time to wake up for work		1
Better get some sleep for this amazing field trip tomorrow		1
Too funny he think he goin to his friends tomorrow		1
Wow u didnt even show up to his game but u went to mcdonald's... What a great girl		1
Thank you Kenny Ernest and Tanner Bellmeyer for all the tweet hacking tonight		1
studying for this history test the best		1
I just love when you send me a text and I text you back and you hit me with a read receipt.		1
Glad I got that off my chest		1
That win felt so nice😍 so proud of my team❤️❤️ and thank you fans!! You guys were AWESOME☺️❤️		1
I feel like a million bucks right now		1
I have the best luck... 😒		1
Thanks osuna for giving us a test tomorrow.		1
lives on!		1
I'm happy I couldn't make your day better		1
Everyone's sub tweets are so cutee		1
High school is so 2 decades ago!		1
welp, duggla's replacement has been a success		1
To be honest, the only people I text are my mom, Jubie and Carolyn. So many friends 👭👫👬👭👬👫👭		1
Dang, Miley Cyrus is such a great rapper...oh wait.		1
People who tweet about drugs are just annoying. YOU'RE GETTING FAR IN LIFE!		1
Goodnight lovely pancakes. Tomorrow is going to be a better day than today. Right? Right. Just kidding. It's going to be terrible.		1
Being forgotten is pretty cool		1
Well this should be the best night sleep ever!!		1
One of the reasons I'm so quiet is because every time I say something someone has something crappy to say back.		1
I just love teaching myself psychology		1
My boyfriend doesn't seem like he wants to talk to me. It's cool.		1
Yep. He totally tried to hurt me of propose.		1
7 pages of bullshit writing in 1.5 hours.		1
I feel so loved and supported right now		1
And I can't type to save my life tonight		1
Work, run, hours of homework. Best day everrrrr!!!!!		1
Love watching my little brother puke everywere		1
Nothing like playing candy crush while waiting in line for the bar		1
Heard the radio version of "Blurred Lines" on the way home. It says "You're the hottest HO in this place!" Yeah, that's better!		1
These next two days are gonna be some of the most stressful, overwhelming, and tiring in my whole life		1
Moms idea for Crime Stoppers fundraiser: scavenger hunt. Me: "yeah, go find...cocaine...pot...a handgun" gonna go over real well!		1
These mum and garder exchange photos aren't annoying at all 😒		1
S/O to whoever cheated and now we don't get the right answers for Spanish		1
My head is throbbing, what a wonderful feeling! 👍		1
Oh, am I interrupting your studies while you text? Damn, girl. I'm sorry		1
I just love when no one responds to my texts		1
Don't worry I didn't want to talk to you anyways...		1
Thanks Vince for leaving me pretty little bruises all over my feet and my leg.		1
The rags look great tonight		1
Tomorrow is going to be the best day ever		1
Such a great day..		1
Love being the black sheep.		1
I have this stupid song stuck in my head . Thank you kody .		1
Thanks for texting me...		1
Yep, tomorrow's gonna be fun✌️		1
At least the defence looks solid		1
Wow band		1
This just a fantastic day.		1
That worked out super well.		1
I love being played		1
Cleaning my car off at 6 tomorrow morning should be fun!		1
Crying before going to sleep ha just what I needed👌		1
Well this is just dandy. Fine and dandy		1
When you don't look an assignment until last minute. 5 page paper. Sweeeet		1
String cheese, Tang and an anxiety attack. Perfect way to end the night.		1
The school picked the best day ever to wear a toga!! Its pouring!!		1
and Elijah is screwed over again -_- thanks Klaus you rock		1
Water main breaks have started in my neighbourhood. Can everyone say aging infrastructure. Oh, and new stadium.		1
So I guess it was finally official on September 30th.......I'm now a single mother.		1
I love when people don't reply.		1
Nice to scroll down my instagram feed and see that right in my face		1
I love accidently liking someones photo on instagram		1
stoked for my first dd night tomorrow		1
You smoke weed... Woo Hoo.		1
&amp;&amp; then this song comes on.		1
Getting left out of stuff is the best feeling ever		1
Iowa State's loss and still practicing my speech!		1
Finally done with my conference call, I can finally be done with work for the day!!		1
Something else that makes perfect sense		1
Soooo oomf think I'm Finna go all the way to another town with them lmfao		1
It's after 12:30 and I'm still awake. I love being sick, y'all.		1
Wow I'm so excited to go out of town for the 4th weekend in a row		1
Relax 2 all da ppl textin ma phone.. I cant reply to all your 0 new messages...		1
Just love working on my truck all night		1
Drama is my favvv.		1
Just getting off work can't wait to do it all over again tomorrow		1
I just solved a Top 40 Thursday crossword puzzle.		1
OMG dad I love it when you tell me I don't have anything I'm really good at so that's why I need to let you help me get a job		1
Just what I wanted to deal with as soon as I got home..		1
Hey man turn your music up louder! I really want to hear some techno!		1
Isn't this just perfect?!		1
Oh year 11 is so much fun		1
If you want to have an amazing relationship, keep secrets from your boyfriend/girlfriend! I swear that's the best advice!		1
Awe all you fat girls rocking those "short REAL short outfits" way to go.. Push that confidence baby .......		1
Ah I love when people talk crap..		1
Gettin ill in time for the weekend is wit yer wanting		1
Riding the struggle bus all the way to my test tomorrow. How wonderful!		1
&amp; I'm still awake..		1
Starting my day with zero sleep... This should be fun.		1
What a loooong peaceful walk back to my dorm.		1
Always nice when people you know totally blank you on the train		1
That just made my day		1
These two exams in the am will be fun		1
well this is lovely...		1
You know you watch too much when zombie accounts start following you on twitter.		1
Can't wait for my 9 o'clock class tomorrow		1
Love a good 9 am meeting yummy		1
That was a grand lie on !		1
Horrible end to my night. Lol it's still good though. I look like I give fuck?? 😂 1		1
I bloody love the M62		1
I should go to bed... But my mind is going a thousand miles per hour. Good think I have an 8:00 AM class tomorrow!		1
So I did end up having an early night last night 💤 just woke up &amp; I've got thee worst head ache ever! 😫		1
So Sophie is away for the weekend and I'm stuck in work. Of this is going to be great fun....		1
Man, it's humid out there. Warm and muggy, perfect weather for a man with an overabundance of perspiration to walk two miles in.		1
I wish there were more journalists interviewing journalists about journalism.		1
Well going to the dentist was a waste of time		1
Thank you school for teaching me how to pay bills, do laundry, write checks, and use public transportation... Feeling very grateful		1
My thirsty Thursday turned into having one 4 loko and deciding to go to sleep		1
the man went to the moon, but has not yet managed to invent socks that do not fall!		1
Looking forward to a 13 hour shift in the office today 😱		1
I would start getting sick the night I have to go back to work! ugh tonight's going to be awesome...		1
Ah, West Africa. The perfect place for people who hate humidity and rain.		1
The "Lazy Song" is really motivating me to get up ahaha		1
Long arse day ahead! Just what I needed!		1
Poking yourself in the eye is always fun.		1
It's always nice being left on your own for an hour		1
Oh the joys of heartburn!		1
To the dude in my Psyc class boasting about being tolerant to heavy amounts of alcohol, can I please be your friend?!		1
Running on maybe two hours of sleep. Maybe. I want someone to cross me the wrong way today. Please. Do it. Dare. You.		1
So...my email account hasn't been working properly. Exactly the thing you want to discover when you're a) on submission b) job seeking.		1
So tired. Stayed up waiting for an email that didn't come and Mario Kart. Getting up for work tomorrow morning will be fun...		1
Mom shot down Lockhaven. So far every school I mention has got an immediate no.....I'm gonna have such a great future.		1
Heavy-metal and redbull. Nice way to start your day dude		1
Studying domestic violence for Uni		1
Ha I gotta bitch mom and an alcoholic father and a bf that barely fuckin talks to me. Wow life just keeps getting better!		1
Ooooo what a woderful day to be a bricklayer		1
Love it when I'm made to look like a twat in front of new managers		1
So ready for that calc quiz and in-class essay today!		1
Getting blood taken tomorrow/later today. Yay.		1
Nightshift tonight, phoning Australia asking them to donate to charity... Can't fucking wait.		1
Thats what i wanted to wake up to....		1
Going to be another exciting day in work woo		1
Mornings when you wake up pissed off are just theee best.		1
Thanks sis for having my shirt clean for today.		1
Such a good morning !		1
This is the life		1
I love being English.		1
Interview in like 5 hours with this amount of sleep I'm sure to get the job.		1
just cleaned the entire house to rid resident ants much thanks to the housemates		1
I love morning swim meets		1
My bus is really quiet		1
Don't you just love it when your phone goes blank and refuses to show any sign of life for no reason whatsoever ! &lt;3 you blackberry !!!		1
Why yes I would love to walk to class in this MASSIVE thunderstorm		1
Already a great start to my day		1
Wow my hair looks so good today		1
Ready to take two back-to-back midterms in a foreign language!!!!!		1
This week just keeps getting better &amp; better.		1
I'm really glad I'm wide awake right now		1
Really good start to my day		1
Such a good way to start off my day👍		1
Yeah because I just love those dirty looks this early in the morning!		1
What a great way to start off my morning. I can tell today is going to be fun.		1
someone forgot to close what they were on this morning ... Thanks love makes me feel so much better		1
welp my sister just called me fat, great way to start my morning off:)		1
Work in four hours yay		1
Wow what a great day for a football game..		1
I hate memories..and I hate dreams bc they regurgitate memories over and over again. Ughhhhh		1
Riding the ...		1
Yeah not going to sweat at the pep rally today		1
Well that was an awesome text to wake up to...		1
Just love being ignored.		1
Running on two hours of sleep		1
this was a great start to my friday		1
I just love running into school in the pouring rain		1
Have a temp of 101.3 of course it happens on the day of homecoming..		1
Props to reckless drivers this morning		1
pro in snowboarden ✔️		1
I start my friday with 3 hours of math yay		1
That was a nice surprise.		1
Oh my principle was in my class the whole time...		1
This day has started off oh so fantastic		1
Your dad being your boss is fucking SOUND!!!!		1
Gotta love dropping kids off at the middle school on a rainy day because it doesn't get busy...		1
I love 8 am class		1
Unsure whether my YouTube issues right now are YT being a ding dong, or the 3 seconds of a popular song I tried to use...gouda times...		1
Like God himself, I shall rest this weekend.		1
Thanks for including me. It's not like I've been here for you whenever you needed me or something. No that's not it at all.		1
THAT'S SO FUNNY …		1
401k, Government shutdown, US credit default.		1
Standing with three bags and looking ridiculously cool		1
Gone were the days when PORN actually involved man and woman doing "the deed". Now, they're into killing puppies. WHAT A TURN ON!		1
Considering the move $DCTH made the other day, $DSCO should go to at least $6 today.		1
It's a good thing that everybody was quiet and went to bad early last night.		1
Karsons sick. Kalebs in a bad mood. Im babysitting jason today.. its just gunna be one of those terrible days.		1
New tatt today etuk!!		1
going to be a GREAT fucking day at work		1
Wow, I'm so happy for you.		1
I love this awesome talent I have of sleeping through all five of my alarms....		1
I hope you have fun with all those girls at mud jam....		1
I love writing philosophy papers first thing in the morning &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
Someone rapping over someone shouting in the background, pop music is SO good!		1
Can't wait to get rick rolled at work today.		1
Going to the Brooklyn museum is exactly what I wanna do today		1
Stoating about silverburn in my trackies		1
LOL I'm wearing my blue hunter boots a red sweater grey jacket and bright pink bag		1
Waking up to someone puking in your bathroom is the best...		1
Oh it's gonna be a good day.		1
Great way to start off the morning		1
So glad i slept last night		1
Man I just HATE when my shawty wakes me up at 3:00am and wants to do me!		1
I think I will ride my bike today		1
Dusty Baker was fired by thr Reds? Didn't see that coming		1
School run is possibly my favourite time of day		1
Oh that anatomy test I didn't study for? It went great, aced it		1
Perfect weather for a homecoming parade..		1
I like how you text me		1
4 hours of sleep....yay time for work 😑		1
Well that shows where your priorities are at.		1
Being soaked from head to toe&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
I can just tell today is going to be super duper		1
Love getting attacked by tommy draper:-(		1
I always know my day is going to be great when I wake up in a great mood and that mood is ruined before I even get in my car...		1
Well this seminar is fucking live		1
Eye infections are my fave		1
It's always fun running into your ex girlfriends dad at wawa.		1
And the fact that you're like 848504716285 miles away is like a tiny detail........		1
In glad there was construction at 7am outside my dorm on a morning I could sleep in.		1
working 74.5 hours next week		1
Dusty Baker fired? Why? All he ever did was sit on his lazy ass, suck on a toothpick, and have pitchers peg Cutch.		1
Acording to Mrs. Egge we all have to fight fair?		1
Google is weer us veranderd.		1
My furloughed wife loved this quote from a Senior WH Official: 'We Are Winning...It Doesn't Really Matter to Us' When Shutdown Ends."		1
oh wait I have 2 Sunday exams		1
This is the 7th time I'm going to this doctor within a year. He's gonna be so excited to see me again 💉		1
Pa. Gov. compared same sex marriage to incest. Yeah, he's Can't wait for the canned apology.		1
It's 37 degrees outside right now. Perfect weather for early morning practice.		1
Pretty sure I just saw a man jogging down the street in his boxers.....		1
My chorale dress brings all the boys to the yard...		1
I'd like to thank my mom for sending me to this school		1
I'd hate to find myself changing for new people		1
I love having to work on no only my senior year Homecoming football game, but also the dance		1
Dusty Baker fired?! Who woulda thunk it.		1
Luv when u don't reply to I		1
I get to wear a hat and eyepatch today		1
I'm glad I get invited to do things with my friends ..		1
Oh don't worry it's cool it's not like I messaged you wanting a reply...		1
Hey thanks for announcing the score of our game.		1
It's probably a good thing that ARod sued the MLB . . . he needs more money.		1
Great way to start my Friday off.		1
My voice sounds like a man. I love being sick!		1
Of course my hair would be frizzy af on picture day :(		1
I would give anything to have that back.. Good thing I fucked it up 👍		1
Super glad it snowed and that I work today.		1
Obama had to cancel the rest of his Asia trip bc of the govt shutdown... poor guy.		1
Flynn trying to convince us to have a party and watch "the joy of science" while drinking coke		1
Oh another "great" review.....		1
Ditched my 8:30 class to catch up on sleep, now time to study the shit out of this psych material for my midterm at 9am.		1
rain rain go away, dont you ever say, i will always want you..		1
Well that was awesomeness..		1
Jewel lifers making taking my break so enjoyable.		1
I love when my cat pulls stuff off of counters and tables.		1
Thankfully, I invested in a GPS tracking device for my wallet so that when I lost it, I could track it to a 1m radius of its location		1
I left all my errands til today and now have to drive my shit car in the rain. I love myself		1
Please tell me more about physics in my environmental science class. Please. I'm begging you 😐		1
A plane or something flew super close to the ground by my house....like I could have touched it.		1
First weekend in Platteville this year.... awesomeeeeee...		1
Thanks for showing that you care about me		1
My hips and spine are messed up so my trapezial muscle is all jank		1
D-Days or Hobo Days ? What a tough decision		1
All this talk about jobs over careers reaaaaallly makes me wanna go to work tonight....		1
Got to watch a cow get slaughtered this morning. What a great way to start the day		1
downpouring walking to class in flip flops is a great way to start my Friday		1
I can't sleep! Great		1
Friendliest boy is obviously Geordan Guteow. He is friendly and respects everyone's opinion.		1
Bye bye miss murphy !		1
Well my Friday is going Awsome		1
Let's post a picture everyday of all the weed we smoke..grow up		1
what a glorious day		1
cant wait to go to wok today!!		1
that moment when ur at class waiting for it to start and u realize its canceled		1
When you die and are before the Lord....and you say but Jesus I lived a "turnt up" life...I'm sure He will appreciate it....		1
I swear some way, some how, i always end up fucking everything good that happens up		1
Thanks for being so supportive		1
Soo cleaning today was fun		1
it's a surprise I have bronchitis		1
Oh bad bitch in the building		1
Waiting for the shuttle is fun.		1
All these freshman are running to lunch..		1
I'm glad amazon never delivered my extra charger a month later		1
Just love having to get blood taken for tests:/		1
So while there's gonna be a huge get together at my house tn, I'll be working 4:30-1am and missing everything :) oh I'm so excited!		1
People get so saucy when I have to make them repeat themselves.		1
Today is just going to be great...		1
This weekends gonna be fun		1
This welcome back goes out to my returning hair. Glad I gotchu drippin down my back during workouts again		1
And so starts my lovely weekend of work.		1
This assignment has kept half of first years up all night...		1
Thanks for making me mad		1
Ooo 4p extra on my wages, changed my life		1
My mom sucks at texting me back. THREE read receipts!!		1
Just got called ugly...today is going to be great		1
What a bunch of straight shooters		1
We'll that just made my day..		1
Thanks for showing the A's some love ESPN.		1
About to fail this exam. YES.		1
Just fell so hard in the middle of the salon. My boss is strait making fun of me.		1
Girl's night tonight with some fabulous ladies &amp; the one who said that I "didn't try hard enough" in my legal career. Hmmmm		1
Cause this week just keeps getting better and better		1
Hands down the best homecoming ever!		1
headache and an earache... does it get any better!?		1
I have been on the same chemistry question for about an hour. Thank you OWL.		1
I can't wait to babysit on this fine Friday night.		1
i love how i can get fantastic service in the school😃		1
I have been so productive this week		1
2 essays, worksheet that I have no idea how to do, bio quiz, and study for sociology quiz... What a lovely weekend 😊 1		1
Very boring weekend for me!		1
ΑΜ stands also for Angela Merkel		1
Lmao ISS will be fun monday :D		1
Gotta love fake as crap people!!		1
I'm clearly in the lower tier of my sophomore class...		1
Funny how my mom runs away during confrontation.. 👍		1
I feel like a basket of joy right now.		1
When you suddenly see someone you know and you can't talk.		1
Avond begint al top		1
I feel incredibly valued and motivated.		1
Today should be a fun game in the freezing rain		1
I just loveeeee rain		1
aaannd im starting to get sick		1
Guys, he removed his tweets, it's all good now! 🙌		1
The thing I love most of all? Not being listened to when I say it is bad copy.		1
Just had a guy say: "can I be the cream to your milkshake gurl?"		1
Way to go lunch ladies with keepin the food hot		1
Love it when u r squished in like sardines on't train &amp; u end up standing next 2 the smelly BO guy listening 2 Miley Cyrus full blast.		1
On my way back to salem to see all my fake ass fucking friends that I love so much.. cant wait		1
Tonight is going to be soooo much fun		1
Gee I sure love it when my teachers can't speak English		1
Beltran only hit a double. What a slacker.		1
Yet in no way do we need better access to care for our mentally-ill, oh no.		1
i'm glad Captain Roscoe broke my brand new aux cord already		1
3 pieces of leftover pizza plus a small bag of Doritos for lunch healthy		1
Oh how I love reading theology books		1
Two huge snows at the beginning of October!?		1
Good to know I have your support.		1
Early to my english class by 20 mins...		1
third wheeling is great		1
Could this day get any frigging better? Good grief.. .		1
Makes sense Lynn is starting over Shelby		1
About to go to my last class of the day...		1
Yay for having a voice that sounds like I am a chain smoker.		1
I love when people don't text me back...		1
So Jack Wilshere was smoking because of his mates dared him to? Fuck me truth or dare has just gone a step too far 1		1
How can people be so evil that bitch wants a good beating for what she did to that poor little boy and she calls herself a mother!!		1
What an awesome homecoming...		1
There's so much backstabbing in high school, can't wait to get out into the real world where everyone looks out for one another.		1
Love Frau so much💕		1
so awesome the Cardinals game is on MLBN		1
Ya cuz women fist fighting is attractive		1
"Whistlin' Dixie, middle school I was getting head on the 10 speed." Keep doin you 2Chainz. You are a lyrical master.		1
Oh how I've missed Cape Cod drivers and weather that changes every five minutes		1
Found a wonderful way to spend my evening instead of being on a train to a certain boy - alphabetizing my music collection -.-		1
How nice of you		1
This day just keeps getting better..		1
Well that was a fantastic exam.....		1
yay healthcare time. joy.		1
Gotta love waking up to full blown panic attacks		1
Obamacare is socialism and communism at the same time		1
What a great end to the week		1
Thank you iTunes for playing every single love song on my playlist in a row, when I'm sad. Makes me feel so much better!		1
Nice to see you've matured a lot		1
Freshmen are just so loved....		1
My phone must be exhausted with all the texting I do		1
In the perfect mood for a long trip down to London,		1
That moment when you're talking &amp; the very next word decides to go into hiding, then you snap your fingers like it'll magically appear		1
This has been a fantastic day ...		1
Decent conversation has deserted my life.		1
Gunna be a class night		1
Trying to get little girls to behave in this rain is gunna be real fun!		1
You know what I love best about debugging 3rd party JS libraries? Having to 1st learn the flavour-of-the-month framework they used.		1
This week juat keeps getting better and better..		1
Maybe someday I'll get my truck running		1
"Baby lets get naked just so we can make sweet love..." U can tell Chris Brown rily put on his thinking cap wen he wrote that song.		1
To all the guys who jumping in the back of my truck, thanks for leaving ur empty bottles there -_-		1
This day has just been wonderful. 😀		1
Isn't this just great!?		1
Kind of feel bad for skipping school today...		1
Our school has this hymn singing down to a T		1
well my half day consists school, a meeting, and sitting at the library. :P		1
loads of cute couples everywhere and im sitting myself		1
1.5 hr meeting just started. So ready for this! (		1
I love it when people don't hear what I have to say.		1
Walking home from the school. Should be fun 👍		1
So totally nailed that test👊		1
Picked a good time to forget my umbrella in my car!		1
Sitting at school till 320 is so fun		1
It's nice to know you've been telling the truth		1
couldn't think of a better way to spend my friday night than in the lab		1
Me no study,Me no care.Me gon' marry a millionaire.He gon' die,me no cry.Me gon' marry another guy		1
iMessage not working again?? Wow that's surprising...		1
I love it when people talk to me like im dirt		1
I have a weather quiz in an hour and my algebra midterm at four. It's a good thing science and math are my best subjects!		1
This week was lazy and bad and full of food due to a visit from my boyfriend. Bring on next week filled with work and healthiness...		1
I love it when the 1st answer to my hw assignment takes up a whole page on word.. SINGLE SPACED. Boy, am I looking forward to this.		1
I might be drinking wine but watching mastermind on a Friday night and it's not even celebrity!		1
I've... Been in the military for so long... I... I don't think I can go back to a normal life. I am an outcast... An exile		1
I'm practically falling asleep sitting around waiting to go to work. What an eventful day! 😒		1
Friday night in alone cooking dinner. Brilliant that		1
GREAT CALL UMP. just gave the rays a run.		1
good job blue		1
Didn't the say the were going to learn 2 reach out 2 gays, blacks, women and latinos? Good job guys		1
Thank you for teaching 25 minutes past when class ends		1
At the DPS on a Friday afternoon		1
It's the perfect day to start moving		1
Yay for the SAT tomorrow!!!!		1
Thank you for asking me if I wanted busybee then telling me I can't go with you 😑		1
Watching miranda on my own is soooo much better than having a social life		1
Golly Gee what a great day!! :-D		1
Soo much fun packing a suitcase		1
Me and Tmac know how to chirp		1
Good to know when I get a real job if I mess up I could go to jail for the smallest mistake		1
I love fortune bay!!!!		1
Wow, you are such a fucking bitch. 😠 What a good friend you are.		1
You're all jealous cause I'm too hot to handle		1
It's nice to hear from you once every three days.		1
Apparently the Reds care more about winning than little boys dreaming of being Joey Votto. What a disgrace of an organization.		1
Fuck I love getting covered in oil everyday		1
Working the Zion Benton football game tonight... Cant wait		1
When your 'friend' votes for someone else, not you, in a competition you've entered		1
How does that old saying go? “If you don’t like what I tweet, don’t follow me” ????? Is that it????		1
Well that conversation really went somewhere..		1
I love not getting good luck texts from anyone		1
Blue on blue that's what I like to wear.		1
I am so happy I have clinicals on Saturday at 6:30am		1
Oh you know. I just love being stranded on the side of the road for 3 hours.		1
That pissed me off..		1
Constant hammering on the wall behind my desk is so soothing.		1
What a wild night im having		1
When you change your time sheet to work less so you won't lose money in taxes		1
Yay for not having a date 4 homecoming &amp; having kids at your new school throw things at you and teachers not caring :-).		1
No really thanks I appreciate it so much gosh		1
Doing french homework at 9:30pm Friday with bad stomachache. I believe I'm living the student dream!		1
Oh how I love to watch boys play video games		1
feeling such love right now		1
I live to be ignored....		1
Feel like we're going tp be so slow tonight at work		1
Love getting paid and the next day my mother takes all of it away from me thanks mom you're the fucking best.		1
Yeah right! Trust eh!?! Good for you!!!		1
So nice of you to tell me you're coming home and that you wanna see me.....		1
Kye asking me to watch Tom and jerry😌 like he only watches one episode		1
10pm Friday night... Having so much fun in the library		1
Why does it seem like half my family only calls me when they need me to do something for them..		1
The best thing ever is coming home to an empty fridge		1
What a great start to my weekend!		1
Well that first exam went realy well...		1
my mom's said to me that bringing home a woman would be "inappropriate." Because, u know, my kid brothers might turn into lesbians.		1
Shout out to my mom for being the BEST MOM EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		1
morgen weer werken		1
i'm over it are you?		1
Well ig ill shower and get ready to do nothing tonight!..		1
Great way to top off this horrible week.		1
Can't wait to rock the nerd look in my glasses all week!		1
There is so much dignity compiled on Main Street right now.		1
ma neighbours having a party, might go gatecrash it since ma Fridays are so wild		1
Watching scared straight makes me laugh cause y'all are sooo stupid.		1
I reallly really love my coworker..		1
Oh how I love Chicago's traffic		1
Received my bd card from my bff gotta love our		1
Big family parties are brilliant!		1
I like how the only other sport to ever get a pep rally at school was the girl's cross country team and they had to win states for that		1
Gotta love I65 afternoon traffic		1
Glad you're a true friend		1
S/O to this uncharacteristically warm October weather we're having!!!!!!!!		1
Watching a guy smoke weed and ride his bike.		1
Once a person reaches the 100+ like stage on the Gram or FB, their ego goes to their heads.		1
Okay. Didn't want to talk to you either..😞		1
Makes me feel amazing.		1
Been dragged to the library by Andy...spent most of my time playing Jurassic Park, Snapchatting and writing lyrics		1
Really loving life right now		1
Work is so fun!		1
Good thing I'm about to go on a cruise when a hurricane is happening		1
Spending the weekend in Carthage sounds fantastic.⚾️🏁		1
Well thanks for that		1
Boston's ace out dueled tampas 3rd pitcher!? 😳 wow didn't expect that at all		1
Guess I'm Kickin it alone!		1
Mrs. Cade is disappointed in us. I'm soo soo sorry :-)		1
Crying before practice just made me do fantastic.		1
I'm in such a great mood		1
All these campuses have fall break. Thanks CALU.		1
I ❤️ having chest pain.		1
Well that worked out.		1
Absolutely love babysitting nearly EVERY Friday night...		1
Cancer jokes are really wise &amp; funny		1
So fun to hang out with someone when they're on skype with their potential-not-really love interest :/		1
I did it to my self.... Ya, ur right.		1
Wow I'm so happy to be at this wedding		1
Did you know that under Obama Care the government can legally seize &amp; eat ur leftover potatoes? Without utensils tho. Fingers only.		1
And no plans for me how fun!		1
OMG I REALLY WANTED TO SEE THAT		1
I love sitting at home alone all night.		1
Home alone tonight and I'm going to watch the purge tonight.. This is a great idea!		1
I love it when you do this to me.		1
Thank you Miami Dade for raising the cost of public transportation. A+		1
Good thing I have friends to hang out with until 5 and stay in SJ.		1
So judgemental ✋😒 ..		1
That song was exactly what I needed to hear		1
Listening to music and laying down with my sick self ❤️😂 how fun!		1
I love how you invite me to do things with you all the time... Thanks.		1
Yea giving up on something good is the best way to handle it.		1
I'm really thankful that my mom scheduled the contractors, with all their noisy equipment, to be at my house right before midterms		1
Brilliant. Excellent. Fantastic news.		1
Oh how I love being a part of the entitlement generation...		1
I hope you have fun together		1
"Forgot" to sign up for the SAT		1
She just want to watch a movie and cuddle I said girl that's all that we do		1
Thanks mom for leaving me..		1
I just love cracking my phone.		1
Coooool love when plans get cancelled		1
Just love being sick on spirit week &amp; missing out 😒		1
By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he’s wrong.		1
I am soooo loving life right now 😒		1
As if it ain't bad enough having hardly no voice, now I have to find a way of sleeping sitting up		1
why must the gym play fatty cooking shows on the tvs ???		1
OMG YAY THATS AWESOME!!! 😄😄😄		1
I totally love playing in the pep band at football games.		1
24 hour run is going to be a blast		1
Got to love being lied to 👍👌		1
Yay so excited for kelowna this weekend☺️😃😊		1
the 4th stanza of "Drive By" by Train is literally my love life right now. hahaha lifes funny.		1
"I got two bitches coming over cause my parents are out." You sound pretty fly for a white guy.		1
Already had to clean up puke today at work. Gonna be a great night		1
The DMV is just like Disneyland. There are always happy people, and fun times.		1
That tweet was nice to see		1
Great turnout to SENIOR NIGHT HAHA YOU GUYS ARE THE FREAKING BEST		1
No way! Miley Cyrus is number in the top 10 twerking videos on Much Music! Didn't see that coming. 1		1
my mom said I'm going to boarding school..😂😬		1
Gotta love that headache you get after writing an exam		1
Feeling like shit and all alone.👎		1
Home alonee on a friday evening...		1
I enjoy two-faced people.		1
What an eventful Friday..		1
Peyton just made me turn my car around for nothing		1
This is the best friday night I have had in a long time		1
Well this is cool....		1
Why yes, Mr. New Neighbor, halfway down the block, I thoroughly enjoy your music..crank it up a bit more so I get the full effect.		1
Yay!! I get to wake up at 8 on a Saturday for an eye appt!! Soo happy!!!(:		1
Thanks coach for the Friday practices.		1
Thank you for your generosity		1
Finishing one online question in 3 hours was the highlight of my day...		1
Sooooo cute of Honaker to bust through their run through and make a ton of noise while we were praying		1
Waiting rooms are so fun		1
Noah's sister told our waiter that I'm not eating cuz I'm anorexic... Ok thanks Naomi.... 😒		1
Study for the SAT that is tomorrow.... ooor.... Lay on the couch with my dog and watch a movie?!		1
So rippen I did t go to the cove... Looks like everyone's havin a great time...		1
Cranberry Lake isn't that big, right?		1
He probably went to the game, the one i could have went to..		1
What a great end to a great evening.		1
"The difference between winning &amp; losing is getting the puck in the net" really?! Thanks Chico that was some insightful commentary		1
so much fun waiting at giants parking lot		1
i just wanna take a moment to thank the government for taking $200 in taxes out of my check this week. means a lot, guys. thanks.		1
Cuz that makes me feel so much better👌		1
I just love being extremely nauseated..😷		1
To just top off an awesome day. Ha		1
AHHHHHH My laptop isn't charging and i'm scared it'll run out. Do you feel my teenage angst?		1
What an awesome night		1
Which is nowhere near as bad as when it was literally 9am-10pm straight, with a half hour "break" to drive between them. Fun times!		1
Ha bc thats real fair.		1
This is EXACTLY how I wanted to spend my Friday night.		1
I remember when I was 12 and buying lingerie.		1
The cove		1
Aaannnndddd they were sucking face in the dark.		1
Too juiced to be here.		1
I love when put me last...feels great		1
There was a rainbow this morning and Russ smith was at NHs game tonight. I saw neither. THANK GOD FOR SOCIAL NETWORKS. 😒		1
Peyton tryna eat ma phone charger cord.		1
Feelin really important rn		1
Girls with hairy arm pits, thats Santa Cruz for you I guess 👍		1
So thankful for all my friends who are always there for me... oh wait...		1
I love how I get volunteered to pick the food up		1
So now your an mlb all star too?		1
Wow today has been just swell		1
Little kids can be so adorable, but they can reach a point where they are so annoying I wanna go crazy..... on them -.-		1
When tatum won't give me food😰😅		1
Hanging out with my parents on this Friday night because I'm cooler than you		1
Wow I just love riding with my family to the football game rather than driving myself....		1
Today is just great.		1
Well that was a great conversation.		1
My roommates are going out to party and I'm over here laughing since the real party is happening on WebWork		1
Goal before the end of the semester: figure out time devoted to chem, not including time for ALEKS to complain on the eval		1
Oh, there's no way someone signed up for a phone shift at the radio and just didn't show. No way. Never happens.		1
I love having no idea what's going on.		1
Labs labs and more labs		1
The Weather channel App is so awesome. Glad it prefers to load ads instead of the info that people don't use it for, like radar...		1
Girls love guys who still live with their mommy		1
Oh &amp; I can't wait to redo all of mrs.raiborns hw.		1
Iowa weather is just great.		1
Guys loves girls with shorter hair than them		1
Just another day in paradise		1
Work at 9am, yesssssss!!!! 🎉		1
Makes Fredi look like a genius.		1
Lol at Donny Baseball....nice move.		1
im so bored right now... here till 10 doing nothing...		1
At the West Forsyth game. I'm so nostalgic.		1
Hanging in the gym for an hour while the weather's raging outside. What a great homecoming...		1
Pretty sure I have been invited to my last e scram. Sorry for always winning.		1
yay for a three day weekend...		1
Stoked to see every pitcher the have on their roster tonight!		1
My Friday night is spent well.		1
Star trek at halftime aand lose by 50		1
I just love it when my friends bail on me.. 😔		1
Mom can I go to the car so I dont feel good		1
well thanks for waiting for me		1
What a night 😒		1
Tonight is gonna be so fun		1
Oh sacred heart another raging Friday night exactly why I chose you.		1
Does Brian Wilson really have his beard in a pony?		1
Your cool cause you hang out in Walmart parking lot!😎		1
That animation was amazing!		1
Just love being treated like i dont exist		1
I like being hidden..		1
Glad that trip to Manly was worth it.		1
Wow this friday night couldnt get anymore exciting		1
I'm tellin ya , these highschool girls are getting classier ..		1
I haven't been to one football game this year.		1
Hahahah "Wow great taste jenna" -lizzie		1
I'm the definition of a partier 🎉		1
Wow what a great way to start the season...		1
I come home for the weekend and nobody is in my house..lol k hi family		1
you know what I love more than rainbows, puppies and kittens? When I ask a clarifying question that goes unanswered....		1
Sure glad I wore sandals to the game		1
Ready for my day to start in 6 more hours!		1
I love it when I have to take the psats on my birthday.		1
Aww you unfollowed me, that one cut deep😂		1
Well that went well....		1
There's so much to do in maynard right now		1
Wowee, joking about being a "homosexual", so original.		1
Ok now you text me.. I text you back.. And then you don't text back? K.		1
There's nothing like losing your friends when you needed them most		1
So.. Where can I get my face painting license? Because I obviously have a natural gift for it.		1
Catherine says: "can you help me with my math tonight? It's really easy I just don't get it." That makes perfect sense		1
I love sitting at home alone because I'm sick..		1
Sounds like I'm missin out from this welston gaame...		1
To everyone that saw me dying in McDonald's thanks for saving my life!!		1
Since I got two tickets my mom put snap shot in my car... Thanks mom :) 😒		1
Andrew you have 30 minutes to shine Make it happen! Here's your chance		1
Oh the joys of being single		1
What a way to end a game		1
I'm so bored. I just love sitting by myself on Friday nights while everyone in my family fights about stupid crap.		1
I just love how everyone is snap chatting me back haha		1
thank you for making my heart bleed-- again :D XX		1
Best idea ever, shutdown the government and cost more money then you're demanding be cut from assistance programs.		1
This friday is the best!		1
This night just keeps getting better &amp; better..		1
Man, watching infomercials is exactly how i wanted to spend my Friday night. I'm so glad my step-dad picked this channel.		1
Oh I was sure hoping to hyperventilate during Next to Normal.		1
Yup chilling at the bar by myself		1
Judging by the exhaust on that 90s civic, that guy must have a very large penis.		1
looking forward to a 9 hour shift tomorrow		1
such a productive night		1
Hi guys. I love how original and funny so many people are.		1
That was some storm tonight!		1
Taking these mini Reese's down hard...		1
that was really nice to see.		1
I'm so happy I'll be waking up at 5 tomorrow morning.		1
I have no problems because I'm so fucking happy.		1
I like this strike zone.		1
I love seeing 40 and 50 year olds acting 18		1
Watching my sisters keeper..on a Friday night..alone. Ha can't get much more depressing than that.		1
Tonight was the best!		1
I'm pretty excited to be that 3rd wheel tomorrow		1
Great end to a fantastic week.		1
WELL let me know if you need anything!		1
I'm so ready for the SAT in the morning		1
I really wanted to go to homecoming..jk lol		1
wow well tonight was the best night of my life		1
You can open my snapchats but not reply to my texts		1
If I don't get a perfect score on the SAT tomorrow I will be shocked		1
Better go to sleep... 4 hours of joy tomorrow..		1
So pumped to take this sat tomo		1
Guess I'll just go to bed.. My Friday night was a blast		1
Being ignored is such a great thing		1
Sitting in my dorm watching tv by myself		1
Yeah well waking up at 5:30 tomorrow will be sweet!!		1
And I'm glad you texted me		1
Just sucks my parents never think I'm good enough😔		1
probably wasted my time again!! sick!		1
My mood haha 👍👍👍		1
No, but really, I like having things sent to me hours later, it does me so much good. :)		1
I guess I'm not as strong as the drink in your glass. 😢		1
Guys calm down. Its just a test that decides the rest of your life.		1
Ahh we'll tonight should be fun....		1
Just filled out my first college application! Yay for growing up!		1
There are so many parties in Pulaski tonight idk which one to go to...		1
You know your cool when you pay for dinner in change.		1
what a fun friday night😒		1
Thanks for the subtweet. It was greatly appreciated.		1
Well thanks for that text message, I feel much better now...		1
people who take 20 min to text back &gt;		1
oh what great friends I have.		1
My eyes are closing on their own. Probably gonna fall asleep in like .5 seconds, being this tired work should be fun in the morning.		1
Honestly, why would you ever deliberately insult a teenage girl?		1
Yeah I just love anxiety..		1
Let me guess , you're going home then going to bed		1
Blasting my headphones is a great Friday night		1
I love being home alone when it's storming...		1
SAT tomorrow, time for a perfect score		1
That was the dirtiest and most shit talking team I've ever played against. Real classy		1
Ok so things I love most in life... DJing to a dead room.		1
I love sitting on my thumb at parties		1
I apologize for knowing how to enjoy life		1
Having to order fucking dominoes coz there's no other takeaways open		1
The fact I'm getting up at six to drive in a car for three hours makes me feel sick. And I'm up at 5.		1
Perfect ending to this night!		1
Because the whole "not talking" thing will work all the problems out between us.		1
That was real mature of you.		1
Wow today just keeps on getting better and better		1
BYU gave up 187 yards rushing, on 5.3 YPC. BYU Sucks		1
I'm having SOOOOO much fun. LOLZ.		1
What a fun weekend I have ahead of me.		1
Love going to bed in a bad mood and tears in my eyes		1
I am so looking forward to getting up at 8 tomorrow!		1
Well tonight's going great ..		1
Brandywine is real classy		1
Let's try to jump start a car in the rain, that sounds like a great idea		1
So pumped to go to the movies with my mum and her bf!!!		1
Omg. Such a great night!!!		1
You know you're having a fun night when you're in bed trying to sleep and your parents are keeping you up all night		1
I love how my hair goes straight in the humidity		1
In unlike the rest of the world we pay tribute to Mr Edison with 6-8hrs of Electricity cut.		1
Yaaaay 9 o'clock practice in the morning . &amp; I just got home from mingo. I'm so excited		1
Yayy I'm 19 🎉		1
I love my life.		1
"we buy things we don't want with the money we don't have to impress the people we don't like."		1
Watching My Sisters Keeper, eating, and crying in my bed all by myself tonight sounds perf...		1
Or you could ditch me tonight. That was fun...		1
Tonight is just lovely.		1
Cabs thru the city so much fun		1
Staying home on a Friday night... Sweet👌		1
My sleeping way delayed because my dog puked everywhere. Yay. :|		1
		1
I just love when you ignore me		1
I love nasty drunk girls		1
Driving in the pouring rain yay!!!!		1
this is a great Friday night.		1
My hair looks real good right now.		1
Yeahhhhhh I guess that's cool		1
Definitely ready to play two lax games tomorrow😆		1
That was a pretty fun drive home... 30mph... Lightening flashing everywhere..		1
I have soo much crap to do tomorrow... Yay!		1
I had a great time hanging out with you.		1
This life of school/work/homework is really working out for me		1
Oh you can like my Instagram pictures but I can't like yours ? Hm , makes sense ..		1
Nothing better than being woke up by Harrison shouting mummy constantly at the top of his voice at 5.45 on a saturday morning		1
Swollen ankles.. 😩		1
I basically eat healthy things to the point where they become unhealthy		1
Man, i just love when random girls i dont know yell and wave at my boyfriend in public. Oh wait....		1
The nerve some people have.. Thnx for making things more complicated for me! Glad I can always count on you guys to have my back!!		1
I just dont do fuckery shit EXCUSE ME FOR BEING ME		1
Happy days coming back from work at this hour!		1
Im sure Geroy is delighted that is consecutive games streak is going to die tonight		1
Love a good 530am wake up on a Saturday		1
Nothing's better than when you're sitting at home doing nothing and your friends have plans		1
What an great ending to my day...		1
I love getting off work to come home and get yelled at.....		1
My alarm is set at 5:45 for a Saturday morning. Cool.		1
Man thought that guy was gonna kill me..		1
I hope my neighbors continue to have band practice right now, it's so great		1
Basketball in the morning?? Awesome!!		1
For Halloween I will literally go to school dressed as a fox and if you ask me "What does the fox say?" I will do the dance thingy		1
really looking forward to getting up at 5:00!		1
I'm going to bed sad great just what I needed.		1
Apparently I missed a really goodnight. Glad to know I missed one of the great opportunities of life.		1
ok i study now		1
I just love how some monsters think they're superior because they get something		1
Ya because I just love when that happens.......		1
Great way to end my night.		1
I just love being in the car for 7 hours ☺️ perfect way to spend my night		1
Up at this time on a Saturday lush 😳		1
It's a great thing the heater is out in our house😊.		1
I just love sleeping alone. I swear 👌		1
to everyone taking the SAT's: you have plenty of time to finish it and it's the only thing colleges even look at		1
This 7:30 am SAT is gonna kick my ass! Good thing I already took it, and my moms pretty much making me do it for funsies!		1
As usual, Mulvane is pretty hopping at am. 1		1
Love when a joke pisses people off		1
Ohhh responsibility how i love youuu		1
I just love the blue lines that show your whole convo...		1
I love the weekend.		1
4.5 hours until I have to go back into work and I cant sleep		1
Great mood this morning!		1
YAY!!!!! Accounting test on a Saturday morning, thanks UJ, day made ☺		1
The fact that I don't sleep anymore is awesome.		1
Great end to my night		1
I love when people are assholes to me for no reason.....		1
Just fuck up every way I turn or look! Just my luck		1
I love sitting alone and silent in a class full of people talking and having friends.		1
So exited to volunteer at 8 in the morning		1
I love it when a bitch kills your vibe...		1
Love being up this early for work		1
Just because you have an IPhone does not mean you are Rich		1
Its 3am ppl.. Where's everyone?		1
Still up bone sober waiting for tomorrow's work day to come.		1
Omg why did I just start a quiz when im too tired to function....now I have to finish		1
well I'm sure that 4 hours sleep with a banging headache will make sure 7 hours at work goes super fast 😴		1
People Be Thinking Cuz We Be Fucked Up We Be Ready To Fuck Up		1
Lol frat dudes have no clue bout life. I wish I paid to have friends like all those flaming fucks.		1
Well this is an awesome Saturday night		1
Love being sick		1
Thanks for making my life easier.		1
Can't remember the last time I was up this late. Thank you, stupid English paper for making this possible.		1
I learned today that I am a rage cage master.		1
So enjoy sleeping in a child's size bed again		1
Great way to start the day off		1
Yes, that was purely		1
I fell asleep at like 8:30 and now I can't back to sleep, and I'm not feeling good. What a night!		1
Just got home and suppose to lift with my trainer in 4 hrs		1
Oh, the joys of Android development		1
Really fancy a 40 minute drive to Wolves right now		1
This day just gets better and better		1
Drank a tad to much last night hopeful a calm one tonight		1
Other guys are so lucky... Girls have one glance at them and they are in love already... And they never look my direction..		1
Cause I love getting up every hour.		1
Change of plans: another trip to take someone to hospital. I haven't done that for a couple of weeks, so it's a nice change!		1
Just love coming home to an empty messy house..it's like all my dreams come true		1
Yay, Kenny Dalglish is back at Liverpool!		1
Please do not take me to seriously.		1
Nothing says fun lke being sick at 5am.		1
I LOVE GETTING UP THIS EARLY.		1
Dear ex, just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I want you back. Sincerely, we broke up for a reason.		1
This ride is gonna be fun with your grumpy ass		1
So excited to work a double tomorrow.		1
those anxiety-ridden 5 hours of sleep I got are gonna be great for the SAT!		1
My hands smell like jager bombs		1
I love waking up before the sun comes up😄		1
Work is going to be so much fun		1
Mint mood today me		1
Today I'm 21. Today I trained. Tomorrow I play cricket. Tonight I'm at home icing my thumb which is that bloody sore. Sick birthday...		1
Who doesnt love walking at 5:30 in the morning by themslevess....I DO		1
I just love working at 5 am on what feels like no sleep.		1
Up for work this is awesome		1
Mornin'. I've got stuff to paint today &amp; I've put me contact lenses in the wrong eyes again. I am obviously a competent adult...		1
These 2 hours of sleep ain't cutting it... No sleep, headache, swollen eyes, earache, and a sore throat. It's been a great weekend...		1
Having to wake up at the same time as school on the weekend is exactly how I wanted to start my day		1
This SAT is going to be so fun!		1
SERIOUSLY LOVE BEING AWAKE THIS EARLY TO GO TAKE SAT		1
I'm just really glad that I got soo much sleep		1
I can't quite decide what I love more. Waking up early for work or doing the work itself.		1
can't wait to sit in a desk for half the day		1
When your cats wake you up..		1
What a great morning for SATs		1
Whoooooo SATs should be fun		1
Haven't done a test in over 2 years.... this should be fun		1
That was fun		1
Stayed up all night, must of been partying eh?		1
There is nothing else is rather be doing then waking up at 7 and spending my day taking the SATs		1
What a fun day I have planned.		1
I love waking up to nose bleeds		1
I plan on getting so turnt up at this SAT.		1
6 hour sleep is the best		1
Volleyball tourney. So ecstatic. Woo.		1
Whoa, aren’t some people's twitter profiles aggressive, wonder what they're like in the real world? Certainly going to follow them		1
I cant wait for this one		1
Bout to head up to college for perceptive testing n financial aid. I'm so pumped		1
This weather is perfect for taking eight am exams -_-		1
Oh I just love getting up early on Saturdays 😒		1
Missing the archery opener for a fucking pumpkin weigh-off bullshit at work.		1
Woken up by the sound of someone getting married... I hope you're very happy together!		1
No sleep and SAT's is how you start a great morning!!!		1
Lookin fab for the SATS this morning		1
Good to see so many people at the club today helping get the ground sorted out...Makes it all so easy!!!		1
Ya so zacks floor is just so comfortable		1
I love nothing more than being at the soccer fields at 7:15 am on a Saturday		1
I got that 6 am debate tournament swagg📋📁.		1
Thanks for waking me up at 6:30.		1
Gm.gm gm.....time to get my day started!!!!!		1
I'm having a house party tmrw..it's gonna be so tight lol		1
Oh how I love being up early on weekends		1
Yay! My mom is already a bitch and not even 8		1
Going out with wet hair is such a good look		1
Perfect time for my moms car to run out of gas		1
Wow I totally can't wait to work today		1
Cause all I wanted was to work at 7am on a Saturday &lt;&lt;		1
Love the way I always get an invite to go out with my sisters &amp; they never go without me.		1
I gotta say “thank you” to my dreams		1
One day will be a regular.		1
Gotta love having to get up before 7 on the weekends! 😬		1
What an amazing start to my day...		1
Why am I so pretty in the morning?		1
I love waking up when it's still dark out		1
Sorry Mathews residents. I used all the cold water, so you'll just have to take a warm shower.		1
Rise and shine, so excited for work this morning...and tonight!		1
My sister tried to call me and got a wrong number. So she texted that same wrong number asking if I changed numbers.		1
class how ive been awake 30 hours		1
I love waking up two hours before my alarm goes off		1
Saturday sat doing college work, tomorrow working!!		1
What an awesome way to start my morning.		1
SAT proctors are so funny...		1
Work before the dance, ahh yes..		1
Gotta love early morning Saturday invitational meets.		1
I barely woke up and someone is already going to the hospital.		1
Getting ready in the dark and then going to work in the rain really was a great start to my day		1
My man is the best!! Def a role model for these many of boys calling themselves men		1
Soo apparently there were 3 men with guns goin round cathays last night. That along with the stabbing in treatment makes me feel safe..		1
Every morning when I wake up I ask myself how its even humanly possible to look this good when I roll out of bed		1
Its always great to be up this early!!!!!!		1
i'm so glad my alarm decided to not go off this morning.		1
Well there goes me having a good day! Now I know why I moved out!		1
I think getting up at 7 am to run a 5K when I'm sick is one of the smartest things I've ever done.		1
And it's time to start my 9-5		1
Just love waking up to a stuffed nose and a sore throat.		1
Getting up at 8 to go on a field trip, just what I wanted to do on a Saturday		1
I'm glad Twitter is up and active this morning.		1
Weekend. Expectations:i'll do all my schoolwork, i'll go out do a lot of things i moved forward. Reality: on the sofa watching tv.		1
Have your seen YOUR eyebrows?		1
im totally alright with being up this early for soccer		1
Glad I have a play by play of everything that happened at the PHS game right here on my TL.		1
It's Saturday....I wanted to sleep in...but I guess that didn't happen. This girl gets to study ALL day...yay plant anatomy		1
so you'd pick a shag over a mate:/		1
another fun filled day of cleaning for N's bday party		1
What a great day for reffing...		1
this should be fun....		1
Sitting by scuba Steve		1
It's funny how you think you look so hot		1
Now to start a report on my worldview		1
Yay, early morning games are my favorite! Lol		1
Nothing better than coming home and finding four 8th grade girls sleeping in your bed		1
So glad Megan woke me up wayy early and now i cant sleep.		1
got an 8p pay rise wednesday and a new badge yesterday, wow i really am being spoiled at work this week		1
I love waking up to phone calls like that 😔😪		1
Getting 3 hours of sleep is the way to go these days haha...😒		1
Been up since 6:20 and it feels good		1
Accidentally sprayed almost an entire sample bottle of perfume on myself. My customers are going to love me today.		1
Wow, now I could totally see why they canceled homecoming and the game last night.		1
As im leaving my car 6 pies abajo starts playing. Good Fucking morning		1
looking forward to this 7 hour cheer practice		1
Oh joy, cheerleaders at football... And they're back at half-time too. Excellent.		1
Yay for practice in down pouring rain..		1
Bahahahahaha!! YOU'RE SOOO FUNNY!!..		1
I love working 11 hours and 20 mins straight with no break ❤️		1
Enfield lead 1-0 at Hullbridge.		1
I love waking up with an awful migraine...		1
I would like to thank the person who passed on their nasty germs to me. Sharing is caring		1
Yay for senior pictures.		1
I am sooo looking forward to the 12-hr flight! It's gonna be so much fun!		1
It's such a beautiful rainy, foggy, sticky, humid fall day here in SE Wisconsin		1
Hope u slept good last nite.		1
Good way to start the day		1
Wow I'm so hungover from my Friday night of doing homework		1
So excited to be going to work instead of getting ready for homecoming 😑		1
What a great way to start my morning		1
I get to work in the units all by myself...		1
I've had a coughing spell for 10 minutes now, great way to start my day.		1
Can't wait to get up and run a race today		1
But I mean, at least we have 70 new dentists on lasalle though		1
Just saw a girl with her dress tucked into her knickers &amp; didn't tell her. I feel bad...		1
Kinda feel bad for Crystal Palace		1
Poured a drink down a customers turqouise jumper at work, tonsa tips rollin in		1
Anybody else's texting as fucked as mine is on		1
What a beautiful morning for football...		1
I can't wait to see all the great art tonight........		1
I just love doing 40 standing tucks every Saturday morning. 😒		1
Hungover and at work plus that fact its cold as balls out makes for a perfect morning.		1
I love spending my perfect fall Saturdays to work at the UT Game		1
have a feeling it's gonna be a great day		1
Chloe and Jennifer are my fave cousins		1
This trend of posting spa mask pics on Instagram....		1
Oh it's going to be a lovely weekend.		1
How is the NCAA going to put a coach on the committee when he couldn't even keep a job? He clearly has an understanding of football.		1
Despite the government being shut down the NSA is still spying on Americans full force. For your freedom.		1
It's amazing how the time flies when you're working on a Saturday morning.		1
Can't wait for everybody to tweet how drunk they are tonight like the world cares		1
What a perfect day to get pulled over...		1
Yaaaa losing my wallett is cool too		1
I'm so attractive in all of my snapchats		1
Best seat in the house		1
Work at the gym from 9-11 then practice from 11-3		1
Looks like everyone had fun last night... Except for me.. I stayed home and watched cartoons and went to sleep. Best night ever.		1
Well this has been a wonderful start to the morning 😡😤		1
Can't wait to spend my Saturday doing homework!		1
This race is gonna be funnnnn.		1
You feel sorry for yourself when you lose and then you come to Saturday practice and be disrespectful. Seems like you care		1
At a boy Blackman, you are really showing us!!		1
Getting my workout on, shower, then to the library foe the rest of the day to write papers.		1
I just love living here..		1
Oh Canada I am loving your weather		1
Oh how I love having to do homework on saturdays ha ha		1
My mom is my favorite person to talk to after I race...		1
Nothing like a long day of essay writing, cleaning, and family time....yayy....		1
Rep. DeFazio doesn't understand how the appropriation process works.		1
Celtic park looking packed out again by the best fans in the world		1
I love the weekends because I get to see all the pictures of people getting drunk at parties :-)))))		1
I love coming in at 10 when I was supposed to sleep in.		1
Yup and as long as you keep complaining all your problems will be solved		1
Love sitting in silence👌		1
This is wonderful weather. 👏		1
My mom always loves going shopping with me I always look so presentable		1
Campus is today.		1
Wrestling with some big as* servers can be fun... Especially when its a Saturday night :-/		1
IM SO HAPPY WE LIVE LIKE 4 HOURS AWAY FROM THE BEACH 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊		1
I love dedicating every Friday Saturday and Sunday working		1
Does Tyler think he's smart this morning ?		1
Being called 'brains' by your grinds teacher!		1
A beautiful day in Columbus		1
Iv got such an amazing life!		1
Whoever's bright idea it was to feed me steak last.. thanks.		1
Sooo happy to be at the bevy for the next 9 hours		1
Had to piss in a Gatorade bottle this morning at work... I love watching sites with no restrooms for 14 hrs!!		1
Apparently being nice to your girlfriend and doing her a favor makes you whipped now?		1
DUNKINS PLEASE JUDGE MY COFFEE ONE MORE TIME 😡		1
So...just found out that my phone hasn't been getting/receiving texts lately. That's cool.		1
Blah get to sit around and do nothing today exactly how I wanted to spend my day		1
diss proposal + one hand = fun		1
Crazy drunk guy on the bus singing. Legendary.		1
Just love having a super busy 8 hour shift while were understaffed		1
Psych and French for the day, gotta love midterms		1
Farm city day by yourself is cool		1
I love how your acting!		1
Cause those tweets were me!		1
Well that was a good start to my day		1
Well these knee braces are cool.		1
God my family really has got it together		1
I love being late already and sitting in my car waiting on girls who are never ready on time.		1
Wow...Iowa and Michigan St haven't scored yet.		1
Sigh library bound on Head of the Trent		1
Got nails painted and now im just waiting for my hair appointment which i may be late for.. yay		1
I swear everything i tell my brother always has to be announced to the world nothing ever is private		1
I love being ignored😒😠		1
Today's been so great so far!		1
My Best Friend's wedding		1
I think its fun trying on heels with sweatpants. Adds character hahhaha		1
So excited to drive 5 hours to play a game!		1
Your friends go out on their missions, come home, and completely forget who you are when they get back. Its awesome.		1
That was amazing defending from Bayern		1
Yay! It's a stay in and clean the house kind of day.		1
Not replying. That's really classy.		1
Only in accra mall will you find a lady selling underwear in the bathroom. Kmt.		1
damn I've been sooo productive today... 👌		1
An up to date romeo and juliet movie...		1
Today is just fucking awesome...		1
I just love how everyone's in a bad mood		1
Man, our defense is on fire!		1
At least I have plans today.		1
I have 6 books on my desk, 2 writting books and 4 of my school books. I'm such a smart ass book worm :D		1
Wow. Good job Syd.		1
Yay can't wait to play today		1
I'm so ecstatic that you've made a habit out of ignoring me.		1
This research paper is going to be a blast		1
He Thinks Its Cute lOll		1
I love when my mom starts her telling rampages		1
I had way more fun writing 2 exams this morning than drinking and watching a football game		1
Wall squats &amp; plyometric push-ups for breakfast this morning. Yum.		1
Wow louisville is playing in such a tough league its so suprising theyre beating such a great team in temple		1
6 plays, what fun		1
I'm so glad you make me feel "part of the family"		1
Going shopping tonight for me and Sam's anniversary. This shouldn't be difficult, he's so easy to shop for		1
Thanks for helping me.		1
Third day of working truck ..... great, grand, wonderfull. Im SO fuckin excited to spend another day working truck.....		1
Wah wah wah, your life is soooo horrible. Why don't you complain a little more?		1
What a great weekend this is.		1
Of course mom :) come into my room whenever, its not like I want privacy or anything :)		1
Y'all are such great friends to have.		1
No one will be having as much fun as me tonight with my apush homework!		1
Haha nice to see you too!		1
My weekend sitting in my room light out on my computer watching YouTube videos and on my iPod on social sites and reading wow I am fun		1
a person of any color that thinks anybody getting raped is funny is a NIGGER not just black ones, but bc im white im a racist lol		1
I've been so very happy today ^.^..		1
My life just gets better		1
What a great day of sat on the sofa..		1
Obviously your friendships mean a lot to you...		1
Don't you just love sitting in traffic!!!!		1
Thanks for texting me back!!		1
Yay for having to get a physical today 😒		1
I'm loving freshers flu		1
I have really bad bags under my eyes, and my eyes are puffy.		1
I just LOVE spending my only Saturday off with the kids of the community and the police department.		1
Lip syncing is rad...		1
Thought I could wait a little longer to get my eyebrows done.		1
I love when random people I don't know, snapchat me.		1
I love how i got kicked to the side after all of this.		1
Perfect way to spend your saturday in the hospital		1
Nothing better than working on the field yesterday and this morning, Warming up the team &amp; the opponent no shows and doesn't call		1
Well today is off to a great start.		1
Wow todays really nice		1
Drivers ed is in a creepy basement of a hotel in darthmouth		1
Today has started off just wonderful.		1
Gary Neville struggling with the difference between Left and Right. Anyone got Burley's number need a new pundit!		1
Tried to take a pic of a girl's bike with no breaks forgot bout flash everyone on boat now thinks I'm a mega perv		1
On that crazy-fuck-the-world-angry-black man-chill by myself-ho sit down- no new friends- all about me- Drake shit...		1
...on another note, were sitting in a church parking lot waiting		1
Have a good feeling about my runs after being on holiday for a week.....		1
I am the 87,921,857th person to watch "The Fox (What does the Fox say?)" video on YouTube.		1
Ughhh back to work tomorrow After a week off sick..... Can't wait		1
Whoa! I almost cared there for a second....		1
Florida state packs the fans in their stadium		1
so excited to spend my night at home😄		1
Well I'm glad I made $13 at lunch...that was worth the hangover		1
I can tell this is going to be a VERY productive night.		1
Don't think we deserved to lose that. Give Ball the job! Thought Cleverley was an excellent referee.		1
Had to google his name. Federico Macheda. In 4 years I will be googling Next big thing.		1
If we all chip in, we could pay Adnan's contract .. ..		1
Tonsillitis is good craic...		1
Suiting at this niggas house by myself hella fun!		1
Yay, I'm so excited for work today!		1
Oh joy wigan gonna win! Im sooo overjoyed.		1
Just love siting in on my own on a Saturday night to get my course work done...		1
Being ditched is a great feeling.		1
At least I'm sick on my day off.		1
It's good to see that Alabama plays such a challenging schedule		1
This is just great.		1
Nice 2 see thet the competing on is on a fair playing field		1
Welllll next weekend is gonna be fun		1
Thank you cheer and mock rock for making my legs look match my purple dress 👌		1
People “like” a post a nanosecond after I publish it. Is speed reading making a comeback?		1
I just LOVE elliptical workouts.		1
Messed up the time for an important conference call. Ended up calling in from Target with my kids. That's how it's done, folks.		1
A very productive day		1
Thanks for being here for me		1
I am sooo so so happy I just wasted all that time on you.		1
Well this new confident attitudes working very well for me...		1
This day just got soooooooo much better.		1
Perfect day for cedar point..		1
And all my rowdy friends have settled down		1
I'm glad my family is at all considerate...		1
It we'd taken those 2 points we clearly would've won that game...		1
I'm so glad I had my umbrella to keep me dry.... It helped sooo much...		1
I love that cute thing you do when you forget I exist ahh so cute		1
10 hour shift? Sure I'd be happy to		1
Well Vol fans...at least you get Verne and Gary if you are not at Shield-Watkins.		1
got told I remind someone of his 16 year old daughter...thanks??		1
Pretty sure I'm sick, this should be fun.....		1
This Is Just What I Need		1
I love going out in public looking like shit		1
Love it when I forget to wear a bra on my way to eat and the cafeteria guy looks at my chest when he's talking to me....		1
Thanks for the compliment.		1
Clemson is so classy		1
86' LEV 2-1 RMA the best way to give up the league. good job		1
Anthony Joshua should be in better shape for his pro debut		1
Absolutely love how my phone tells me when I get snapchats, but doesn't let me open them		1
I just love fake friends.		1
Im soo exhausted from my 9Hour shift and next is my 4hour shift in hour 1		1
so glad we cancelled the tailgate for this horrible weather...		1
This is gonna be fun		1
Yay to the first weekend of the month		1
I love hearing about all the childhood stories I didn't get to experience because I wasn't alive yet		1
I just love not having access to a phone charger.		1
I'm glad Michigan is letting the QB run all over.		1
Well if a random from all saints ,someone from westlife ,Sinitta AND Louie Walsh think someone has talent then it must be true!		1
k, dont respond thats cool.		1
Hey my parents are gonna be gone tonight, lol what a surprise		1
Yay watching dajeeling limited		1
Things to accomplish for tom: Visit an orphanage, Finish Philo and Mktg paper, Study for defense, Gleetenista		1
Went to back up my car, and I ran over the clothes from the yard sale ...		1
My sister currently at the Nou Camp watching Barcelona... Bet she's well jealous of me after watching Fulham v Stoke!		1
So fucking tired ugh never enough sleep .. And hungry lol		1
Is it possible for them to cry a little bit more on Xfactor tonight? Don't think there's been enough tears.		1
Getting ignored is the best feeling ever		1
Such top-notch football from Syracuse right now		1
Getting drunk looking forward to work tomorrow		1
Oh wow we're all super impressed.		1
my family gives me so much support		1
night has just been made		1
I love burning my face while curbing my hair 😒		1
Well that's nice.		1
Got set 4 times at a 5 match tournament. Yay.		1
Looks like a great time to go get some fishing in!		1
Thanks mom you're the best		1
Love working 11.5 hour shifts on a saturday😁		1
Pulled over and a £150 was given by the police.. But still hitting wokes tonight		1
Just pulled my groin at work. So this day just became super-awesome-fun-times.		1
Yay for flakey friends		1
Our sound system is on point today.		1
Way to call that illegal touching/intentional grounding refs, that was a great call		1
11A-11P on a pretty day...wow working is AWESOME!		1
Gotta love doing hmwk on weekends		1
Just keep running the ball right up the middle into 20 guys at once. That'll get you yards.		1
Oh how I miss basketball		1
Great start to the night		1
I love being yelled at 24/7		1
My headache is turning into a migraine		1
What has happened to me?? Making a hot chocolate before bed on a Saturday night... 😱 what a lifestyle I do lead...		1
Some lovely weather we're having....		1
cut of some of my thumb today		1
It's always fun packing up some shit.. Ugh		1
Cuz this is totally how I want to spend my Saturday😒...		1
What a beautiful day for homecoming		1
I love being home alone all day!		1
I send the cutest selfies to Gage😏😂		1
Helping our aunt move at 8am was EXACTLY how I wanted to spend my Saturday!		1
boy, I can't wait to hear about how completely KERRAYZEE Letlive were in Birmingham tonight		1
So what did I do with my Saturday night.. went to mass and then made juice... another crazy night to add to the books lol		1
I cant buy the song because I don't live in England. that's chill		1
Im Loving The Boxing		1
I always love it when the condensation on a drink makes the area around your nipple wet to give the impresion you're lactating.		1
Ooohhh, you unfollowed me. That sure does hurt my feelings.		1
Way to be original		1
This is a rocking party		1
Huge shout out to all the moms out there who actually got pictures of their kids on homecoming!		1
Feels great to look so horrible.		1
Love giving myself the worst bruises.		1
Well this is going to be a fun Saturday night!		1
I wish it would rajn some more.		1
Friday nothing, Saturday as of now, nothing...		1
Nice throw down Molina!		1
"Nat, you're better than Milner." High compliment there		1
Absolutely love the fact I have to be back in work at 8 in the morning		1
Lovin the fact that no one believes me		1
Sloppy seconds ? Yay !		1
My little sister, after I did aaaalllll her hair and makeup for hc, says I need to go work at libby lu. Thanks. My dream job....		1
I hope the Steelers r enjoying their time off considering how much they earned it.		1
RIP blackberry 2012-13, as much as i hated you, i miss you already &lt;/3		1
Yay for this 45 problem math packet		1
I have such cute pictures of my teammates in my phone 😷😷😷😷		1
Dentist before the game.. Cheee		1
Third wheeling is the best 😃👍		1
writing this paper for my Law and Social Theory class is exactly what I wanted to do on my Saturday night..		1
nice day for a double		1
thanks for taking me to the mall with you, megan.		1
My Mom bought my entire family Kaepernick jerseys besides me. Ya know, it's not like I've been wanting one anyways		1
I'm getting in trouble because I don't know where the car keys are. Cuzz I'm gonna know where they are cuz I drive all the time👎		1
no plans tonight... nbd. I'm over it.		1
sunday football away games are what i live for		1
You're just so perfect 😂😂😂		1
So excited to be working the night shift right now...		1
Ah right, ok.. Time to borrow m4 beginners band's music. That should impress the judge		1
This weather makes me so productive		1
What's this everyone is tweeting about? I'll have to catch the next episode		1
Well at least Tech looks good...		1
Like I really don't understand gangs. Like "hey, you're cool, now let's go shoot some people."		1
My mom is such a ray of fucking sunshine		1
This is what you would call a close game...		1
Well what a fucking surprise???		1
Power Outage what Joy!!!!		1
I'm with mccarther. Keep Wilson him grabo 60 point guys leafs finishing in 10th those were the days!		1
Sick weekends are my favorite. 😷😒		1
Maybe I just need to learn Spanish and Chinese		1
this weekends been great already...		1
I love when Michelle and Lauren don't reply to my texts		1
i can really tell how much you care right now		1
Need some Beautiful South right now! Or my brother.		1
Do I blow up or not...		1
Reffing 8th grade volleyball for 6 hours is exactly how I wanted to spend my day😀		1
I love not getting to talk to you.. promise.		1
Time to "turn up" at Sydney's party😂😔		1
Headline fight..Joshua v White Collar Boxer...well done Eddie a lot of work put into that one		1
Now I get to drive to Mercer Island. Lucky me.		1
How mint is a 10 hour journey?		1
It's great when your neighbour has a late house party and keeps flicking from one loud song to another, after 30 seconds of playing!		1
Such a fun night so far.		1
It's an exciting night at 1708		1
Leicester the main game on the football Leicester show what a surprise I can't believe it		1
That's it Winnipeg, just let Cornish walk right into the enzone... That will win you the game!!		1
So I tell you that we don't spend time anymore, n that gives you the idea to spend time with someone else?		1
Yep, I think staying up to watch all that boxing was the perfect preparation for my 10k first thing tomorrow in Glasgow.		1
I think Georgia was looking ahead to next weekend.		1
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.		1
I like how no one comes in for over an hour, and then five minutes til close a few people wander in.		1
out of sync :09 seconds in and ice it.		1
I love my family most of all because they leave me stranded places. Like work.		1
Movie and Cheerios with my dad and grandmother.		1
I bet your plans are ecstatic tonight		1
Some real pleasant people work at walmart.		1
Oh.. Okay.. Let's not text Kim back. She also loves it when you open her snaps but don't reply.		1
This Toronto Maple Leafs intro is sooo Exciting..		1
I see we have another defensive battle in the SEC with &amp;		1
I hate when my plans get ruined... After I had already gotten so excited		1
Looking forward to college overtime. It makes perfect sense to eliminate 3/4 of the field. I love it.		1
Thank you so much..		1
Classy move from the ceremonial puck dropper		1
So you treated me like a friend but you didn't mean it		1
Your such a romantic!!		1
Man im gonna miss those derrick rose return memes..		1
So glad I don't exist to either of y'all anymore		1
I enjoy being blocked lol		1
Man the SEC is so competitive!!! A team as bad as Tennessee can even play with the one loss team ahead of Florida State.		1
so im guessing the plans got cancelled? awesome way to find out		1
just love spending all this time alone!		1
going to the movies alone is always fun.		1
This is just how I wanted to spend my Saturday night		1
Woww.. this song couldn't have came on at a better time...		1
God, KD is overflowing with cute girls seven days a week.		1
I love how my teachers put in grades.		1
That bitch think she slick		1
Come home to find my neighbours fighting , 3rd time this month , got to love it		1
Perfect time for rain😍		1
I love all these weekend plans ive had in the past three months.		1
Shocking news: Georgia beats vols that have had 3 coaches in 5 years and have young players.. What a win for Georgia!		1
spin class was all booked up tomorrow morning at 10am.... what a shame		1
Fisher security wouldn't let my parents pull into J lot to drop me off and say goodbye		1
love sitting at home because people back out on plans		1
Ahaha I love the fact that I get invited to everything		1
I just love how reliable my friends are.		1
charting, that's exactly what I wanted to be doing tonight		1
I love being the second choice!		1
good to know my makeup is gluten free since i was totally planning on eating it and gluten is such a cancerous poison		1
Ur a great dancer too		1
No shit...woulda never guessed Todd Graham was gonna use a time out this early...		1
Well, isn't this an exciting night.		1
So glad I'm working all night!		1
Well then ... Great way to start		1
Nice profile picture gabe		1
I just love being tickled while sleeping and then waking up to all the guys staring at me!		1
Wow... Just got an update... Nice job D!		1
House to myself tonight!		1
He's such a good friend...		1
Almost home after a day of not shopping		1
The wild sure showed up to play tonight...		1
It's Homecoming weekend and I haven't been invited to any parties this weekend.		1
My back already hurts and then I would get nailed right in the same spot!😒😭		1
Oh, boo-hoo. The haven't seen the since 2009? How awful for them.		1
I'm so glad I'm important in your life.		1
having such a great night!		1
stoked to spend my Saturday night babysitting		1
I love these refs.		1
Tyler Myers coming to camp in shape has made a huge difference.. U can really tell he's back in Calder trophy form.		1
There's a new show about nurses lives? Like young girls who party and saves lives. Sounds cool		1
I just love when my mother hollers across the house and I can't understand what she's saying..		1
That was a ridiculous push off!!!! Good call ref!		1
I don't think there is anything I love more than a delay at the airport..... Except maybe dental surgery? Yeah that might be better		1
love getting drunken phone calls from my mum		1
Dakota said nick maybe her fav		1
Well our PP is looking better then ever!		1
Another exciting night in the life of Tullahoma Lanes local beer maid 😒		1
Guys, Joe Maddon is the greatest manager of all time. None of his mistakes through these first two games can possibly be his fault.		1
I don't just ride the struggle bus, I live on it		1
Soo many people at royalty....		1
This was a great weekend so far waste a weekend to hunt for this		1
Your a good friend...		1
Good news... our offense gets another chance on the field!		1
Holgo's yelling at his QB: chunk it deep.		1
UC offense looking good		1
No that's okay, I'd rather be in my room alone, eating fishy crackers and watching 90210 then talk to you		1
trying to fix my car is exactly what i wanna be doing on a saturday night 😑		1
well this is one hell of a saturday night		1
Getting random cramps in my legs...		1
I mean I love having to go get my key in a towel with dripping wet hair		1
Everyone going out on Saturday night... I'm just on a 6 hour bus ride back to campus		1
Spots of rain the air over Mokpo. This is it! Take cover everyone. The typhoon is about to strike!!		1
Great fucking way to spend time with you.		1
I love it when parents don't care and decide to yell at their kids in public.		1
Oh btw I'd like to thank IOS7 for making my phone crash:).		1
My Saturday night consists of over 100 math problems..		1
Hepatitis shots are one of the many perks of nursing school		1
Ctfu it's type cute he thinks that "		1
Oh how i just love cuddling my pillow :|		1
Notre Dames uniforms look cool		1
Well my night has just been fantastic..		1
i mean it's a good thing i look attractive in pictures..		1
I think behind tall bushes and trees are the best places for stop signs		1
Those damn sec officials made him step out of bounds at the 3 yd line!		1
I have such good mates!!!		1
I love sitting at home on Saturday nights...		1
		1
ok wow thx for all the suggestions guys wow that was overwhelming		1
I remember when I rubbed baseballs in pine tar		1
Oh.. Thanks for that text.		1
I love when ppl ignore me!		1
If I recall your the one who wanted to be friends, nice effort there		1
I didn't realize picking twerking as your career would get you anywhere..		1
Great night to work at speedway		1
That's the way to follow the bro code		1
Pick up two nights in a row. I just love smelling like garbage.		1
Really enjoying writing this history research paper. 🙅		1
Clearly Ivy football is at a crossroads after going 3-1 non-con. I wonder how they'll continue to schedule FCS scholarship teams???		1
Broke my nail silencing my iPhone. COOL.		1
I hate my cousins😂😂😂😂		1
Well that went exactly as I expected		1
bio is really fun		1
whatever. not like I wanted to go or anything		1
My crush likes my bestfriend, beautiful		1
Lauren always takes the loveliest pictures of me :)		1
Please, tell me more about how you get drunk every night. It's so intriguing when it's all you talk about.		1
What a grrreat day.		1
Sooo looking forward to a long lonely night in the lab.		1
Of course philly would score in stoppage time. Of course. Great for the		1
That moment when you need to pee so bad &amp; your mom is driving like a CRAZY WOMANNN!!! OMGOSH MY BLADDER!		1
Feeling so appreciated right now..		1
Tyler has just farted on me 4 times. That's love people!		1
WOW THANKS SO FREAKING MUCH I LOVE YOU GUY		1
Such a long day.....driving on the wrong side if the road in DC to getting killed in soccer...		1
Just when I thought things were going to get better!		1
Worked 6 hours today and have to take a 2 and a half hour bus ...oh an did I mention I have no food or money I ❤️ my life		1
Well t encouraging that our special teams have improved so much.		1
I just love how my friends include me in everything.		1
i can see my breath		1
Yea, don't worry about it, I love when you don't answer my text!		1
Just missed my last opportunity to see my best friend ever before we get separated forever... thanks for saying no dad ur so nice		1
Hey Lucy you sing We Can't Stop very very well		1
Lol im so sorry.		1
Train Simulator 2014 omfg I'm so effin excited		1
I bet you do 😔		1
I love being called a fat cow.......		1
Yea this turned out to be a good night...		1
Lol guys stop dming me already 😂😂😂		1
I love it when my phone doesn't work.		1
loveeeeeeeee spending the night alone.		1
Blackhawks try to go back door on the PP? Lies! Lies! I don't believe it.		1
I have awesome friends who care about me		1
Los Angeles Lakers vs Golden State Warriors. Both teams in California, game is played in Canada.		1
I just love when people think they're better than others.		1
Such a great night...		1
Hanging out all by myself on a saturday night watching movies. Yeah priceless👌		1
So glad we can hold a conversation all the day 👌		1
Lotta consistency from officials.		1
Only the right side of my body is sunburned...what a sexy tan line that will be..		1
My diet today: steak, ice cream, and three different kinds of cake.		1
Ugh. Just freaking fantastic.		1
You could try less.		1
i find it really attractive when guys lie to me.		1
Tomorrow is already the beginning of the third week of the quarter. Time flies when you're having fun....		1
How I love a Monday morning!		1
Well that weekend was amazing		1
So glad the chavs are kind enough to get on the bus stinking of weed! What compassionate members of society they are		1
Cutting yourself whilst shaving is a great way to start the day		1
Working is such a blast		1
Quadruple English today... Now where did i put my gun??		1
//got a grumpy boyfriend and an asshole father... Feeling like crap ...		1
Feeling cracking today after Sunday session		1
gotta be back at work in 3 hours at michaels after just working 8 hours at bbw ... yeaaaa that's gonna go over well.		1
Got a really bad headache and a feel so sick! :-( what a great start to the week!		1
Raining in Seattle		1
Nice 9-4 at uni and I didn't sleep a wink last night. Should be good!		1
Oh how I love over thinking everything..		1
There's someone out there who will put up with my flaws....and when that day comes, I'll be sure to let the whole world know!!! Hahaha		1
You have to love cold mornings...		1
Oh how I just LOVE the stomache flu....		1
Another sleepless night.		1
Have to get up in a couple hours and can't sleep yay!		1
Lang leve de peoject week		1
Feeling used is gr8. Would recommend to everyone👌		1
Waking up to a 102.2 fever is fucking great.		1
Can't sleep. Ha what a great night it's been		1
Dw I LOVE walking home in this rainy ugly shit :)....		1
Well, that just made my night so much better now didn't it.		1
Just got done fishing, caught a .5lb catfish record		1
Parents are away for a few days!		1
Morning. Don't you just love waking up to a bright and happy family?! Makes you want to carry on with the day in a great mood.		1
I love that moment when insomnia just slows down every....single.........minute.		1
Monday morning, we love it		1
Dreamt of doing well in a job interview. My subconsiousness is too eager to leave this company. Haha!		1
Morning all! What a lovely day it is		1
I'm glad I've been almost falling asleep all day and then I get home and in bed and guess who has so much energy?! Oh yeah, me. Cool.		1
Love my drive back to collywood		1
There's just something about not being able to sleep that is just so much fun.		1
so looking forward to the walk to uni..		1
Monday is the best day of the week 😳😩🔫		1
Burnt toast for breakfast at work..		1
General studies inspires me for the whole week. It's so good.		1
Long weekend over. Reality hits as I set my alarm for 4.15am again.		1
4 am is my favorite time to wake up! :)		1
Cross state rivals/Pittsburgh Pirates handling their business. *Yay *		1
Monday morning headaches are my absolute favourite 😊		1
What a great start to my long day		1
Monday morning math &gt; life		1
I am so stoked to wake up early and having shitty lunches again, yay school!		1
My tweet after yesterdays thrashing by West Ham was incorrect Spurs have 4 points from 4 derbies..we beat Palace...Well Done Spurs!		1
Don't you just ❤️ Mondays		1
Yawning and sneezing through lectures today... Woo.		1
Going on a countryside walk		1
A burnt wrist and a pulled calf muscle. Work was great fun last night!		1
Fell asleep at 10, been wide awake since like 3.... OKAY COOL		1
If no is telling U, U are pretty, dats becos U are bt dey dnt want to admit it! 1		1
"Hi my name is Sara, welcome to Club Love." - this commercial is on repeat. Good thing they're really pretty. Onti pa, tatawag nako.		1
About to get the flu jab!		1
I love waking up in the middle of the night with heart burn and acid reflex!		1
Jordan was supposed to record the wrong he wrote about me tonight but he didnt wtf &lt;---		1
I'm going to be running all day on 2 hours of sleep. Plus I'm used to eastern time which is 3 hours ahead. this is just gonna be great.		1
Youtube ruined my account.		1
Surrounded by loving, supported people....		1
Finally, that weekend is over! Glad to be back at work... TGIM.		1
In the studio. Have a stinking cold.. ready for my close up		1
HAD TO walk miles to the bus stop... (closed the highstreet stops) Thanks for that stagecoach.		1
Shit start to the day .. Can only get better		1
So I get out of bed and my room it literally the temperature of the North Pole		1
To those having their last papers tomorrow. I congratulate all of you.		1
Yep my weekend is over.		1
Monday, heavy rain and gusty winds. What more could we ask for ?		1
You know it's gonna be a great day when you almost get into an accident with 3 deer crossing the street.		1
I feel like I'm going to puke and my stomach. Thank you Mother Nature for creating this lovely thing girls call periods. -_-		1
Oh it's so lovely getting up at 5:20 everyday		1
My justification for watching all this breaking bad is that some of it is in spanish		1
My hearing will never be the same... Thanks race cars!		1
glad the rain makes my mood better		1
8:30AM presentations are the best		1
Love having four hour breaks...		1
i just love being waken up at 3 am because the fire alarms are going off for no reason		1
So excited for school today		1
Crying baby...love that sound! Even bought the CD!		1
Really looking forward to being in wv basically all night.		1
I love it when my dog comes in covered in burs and covers me in them		1
How excited I am for school td		1
wow love being at school at 7 am		1
wow there's a lot of school spirit on my bus.....		1
This is beautiful weather!		1
Living in the middle of a construction zone is really great for getting serious reading done.		1
Another day in paradise		1
The fact that my car won't start is a fucking perfect start to my Monday		1
Good way to start off the morning😕		1
wow thanks alarm clock for not waking me up		1
North Korea has a ski resort, yeah I'm going		1
I'm just really surprised that after going 13-14 in September, they couldn't just turn it back on for the playoffs.		1
Such beautiful weather! 🌞		1
So happy that it's cold as ( . )( . ) this lovely Monday morning		1
three languages doesn't work. let's try seven. :|		1
Dark and rainy Mondays really make me wanna get out of bed and go to work...		1
If they're quick enough Holland &amp; France could make sure plays in their leagues so he could play for their national teams!		1
Oh no, it's cool alarm clock, I didn't want to stay locked in the warmth of my bed covers anymore anyway. I'd much rather freeze.		1
Good thing I didn't even open my backpack.		1
Rainy Mondays see the best way to start the week		1
I love picking up shards of glass in the driveway.		1
Wow, who else is excited as me to go to school today		1
2 &amp; A half hours of sleep.... I feel wonderful.....		1
I've just been sleeping sooo amazing lately!		1
Well, this morning I go to the dentist and get my tooth drilled. is there a better way of spending my morning or what?		1
Not sleeping is the best		1
I love cold showers with no water pressure. Perfect start to the day!		1
So bored, lonley and waiting for a lecture in a subject I didn't even come here to study		1
Great day to take my driving test		1
Almost missing the bus. What a great way to start the week.		1
What a nice way to wake up. haha.		1
Just got my allowance.... $10		1
Super excited for my dance practicle this afternoon		1
great way to start a Monday..		1
Freaking out my wipers are broken and its downpouring &amp;&amp; I neeed to get to workkk!!!		1
Yep. It's gonna be a great week.		1
working 8-5 + school while running on 5 1/2 hours of sleep is my favorite.		1
awesome start to an awesome day😆		1
good thing i woke up earlier than my alarm...		1
Ready for this ten hour shift.		1
Orthodontist appointments are always fun....		1
I just love how my medicine makes me shake like a freaking chihuahua		1
Sooooo tired.... now I have to go to this like 3 hour meeting, yay....		1
Sarah just goes "Jayla, you do you and imma do me" wtf		1
Great so 2 doctors now don't know why my leg has swollen and why I'm in pain, now awaiting an x ray and MRI		1
You gotta love the fact that my Statistics professor always starts her 8am class early...		1
Great way to start the week		1
Love the sorority girls who think camo and browning is "cute" what a true redneck		1
SF hospital, my fav place to be.		1
I love having gym with freshmen		1
Wow today is going to be fantastic!		1
Happy fall break!		1
well that was a great start to this ugly Monday morning...		1
Thanks for showing me how much you care		1
Oh how I've missed work...		1
I think I'm beginning to love my 8:30 Monday morning philosophy lecture		1
Constant ringing and echoes in my right ear. This is fun!		1
nothing like being in court all day when you feel sick as fuck		1
Don't you just love it when your alarm doesn't go off		1
Love coming home to find the electric has gone off! 😡		1
It just keeps getting better		1
I should've just gone back to bed this morning...		1
Quality musical guest choice		1
It's raining and Monday.		1
You know it's gonna be a great week when you start it out in traffic on 35.......................		1
Well, now that I'm fully rested on my 4 hours of sleep, I'm soooo ready for today....		1
Love The Way You Lie..... :)))		1
This weather is awesome!		1
Great way to start the week!		1
Great start to the week		1
Whitney thinks this is serious shit		1
I did want to come to school and take the ACT plan test.		1
The vain in my forehead that shows up in every photo is so attractive !!		1
I cant wait to take this mid term.		1
Y'all's best bet would be to not even look at me today		1
I want my hair like that		1
good choice by me to wear shorts and flip flops today ☔️☁️👍		1
I'm loving my hair right now.		1
Customer service week at work yay!		1
Well this day's off the a great start.		1
A fleece jacket, yoga pants, and combat boots....yea that's cute.....		1
Yay for a tornado watch and ill be in the city until 530 tonight		1
Nothing better than you yelling at me to answer your question &amp; then asking someone else because you didn't believe me		1
I love being late for class and getting all those awkward stares as I walk in.		1
I love getting up this early!		1
Great start to the day.		1
Hey thanks for going out of your way for me. Appreciate it.		1
Is it raining at Jmu? I can't tell because I haven't read any tweets about the weather today		1
So excited to go to this classical music concert 🎻🎺🎸🎷		1
I can already tell today is going to be a good day :))))		1
Damn, learning what my GPA is was a really great way to start my day		1
Well today didn't take looooooong...		1
I love not being included.		1
Three hour gap ftw!		1
Love that I'm going to have a test on my birthday. Like thank you Dr. Hardegree for making me excited for Friday...		1
The TL/C is straight bumpin' rn.		1
Wow thank god the postponed class change by five minutes! The rain reallllly slowed down!		1
thought i was ready for this cold weather. .		1
There's nothing quite like waking up in the morning to rain pouring through your window &amp; getting all of your shit wet		1
Pretty safe to say that everyone from maple ridge is going to be pissed all day...		1
Love sitting in the lounge		1
Funday Monday- brakes going out on my car so I get to be car-less today, yay!		1
Another day of classes with the added joy of rain		1
Oh how I love the doctors		1
Hackettstown police just gave a Till 5. awesome. Ive always wanted to die while sitting through class.		1
I love when the girl in the Afro sits in front of me and I can't see the board in class.		1
Loving every minute of it cause you make me feel soo alive		1
Totally looking forward to doing the 6k race tomorrow..		1
I'm hungry and I can't see anything today's gonna be great		1
Clay Matthews broke his thumb. That's just great.		1
I love being up this early to babysit.		1
Looking at pictures of amputations and lacerations was sure the way I wanted to start my morning.		1
hospitals either need to make longer blankets or I'm just way too tall...		1
tou toda loca e alterada, mas vai tocar daqui a 10min.............yey i'm happy		1
Nothing like starting off the week by getting a physics exan back		1
A Monday of 4 back to back classes in different locations with pouring rain.		1
I really enjoy it when I see people wearing my clothes. Especially when I have been looking for them.		1
What a FANTASTIC start to my monday morning		1
Carrying a school bag and a track bag on public transit is so easy!		1
Back in the office after a week long conference. Hooray for motivation		1
Yay I'm so happy to be at calculus right now!		1
Yeah love it when that happens! 😐		1
My stat TA has literally canceled our discussion 6 times... Good thing I understand what we're doing in class.		1
I may or may have not been the only dumbass without a jacket. I bet people just thought i'm really tough.		1
Happy Monday to you Kévinah. Great start to my week		1
I'm callin it, Jacksonville Jaguars will win the rest of there games this year!		1
This kid is carrying a huge knife and showing us he has it...		1
Going to the orthodontist		1
I guess when you make the rules... anything is legal.		1
Holy gawd.. I finally got the bug that's been going around. I feel like CRAP. Woo for not being able to miss college!		1
I wish I could be one of those people who could say "happy Monday, but I doubt that will ever happen in this lifetime.		1
Wow I did not see that peter laviolette firing coming		1
NY is under a tornado watch till 5pm that's awesome		1
Thinking of becoming the school mascot:"D		1
I love classes with underclassmen because they totally aren't obnoxious.		1
and best boyfriend award goes to....		1
My favorite thing is waking up and fighting with you first thing...		1
Great news to find out during school👌		1
I know I'm awesome.		1
SHOUT TO EVERY ONE OF MY FRIENDS FOR ANSWERING MY EMERGENCY TEXTS. I NEEDED A RIDE BITCHES		1
This day just got better		1
I love waking up and having no good morning texts...		1
Well this isn't going to go well....		1
No LeConte for 2 weeks. I'm gonna miss that used bathroom smell it always had.		1
Gee I sure do enjoy it when the power goes out in the middle of me getting ready for work.		1
Lol you not happy so u want everyone like u		1
What great news to start off my Monday..		1
Such a lovely way to start a Monday ☔️⛅️⚡️		1
I just love mould.		1
What a great way to start the week		1
This suit is black		1
“Sarcasm improves self confidence. People with a sarcastic personality are also found to be happier, healthier and live longer.”		1
i've had a really productive day		1
Wow what a great start to the day.		1
I just love staying up all night for a quiz and then the professor not giving it to is.		1
It is the beginning of		1
copier training was intense.		1
Another fun filled week of school		1
Glad to know my friends are there for me		1
I love sitting in the hospital all day and having a nurse that can't accommodate to one simple request		1
Keep yelling OCD Girl its really funny		1
I love being here...		1
So far, midterms week is off to a FANTASTIC start!		1
Shower then class -_- I'm happy		1
Off for a 4 hour stock take shift☺👌		1
Can i just go home and sleep? I dont want to be here..		1
It makes me so happy that everybody else can be happy.		1
Love the hold music for student finance		1
Wow I just really love walking through the rain to class today is great		1
I'm wondering if they can make it colder in this building		1
Impromptu speeches...yayyyy my favorite		1
It's gona be a lovely next 6 hrs of studying at the lib.		1
This weather is totally motivating.		1
Just love being sick 😷		1
Class is soooo interesting when the prof stands there and reads the slides as they come up		1
I have a week off but I'm stuck at home all day or working.		1
Well I'm glad I bombed that quiz. 😒		1
Ah ucas, a big warm welcome back into my life		1
Kid behind me in lecture just put a dip in during class. That's attractive...		1
If the government would just listen to the people on Facebook the problem would be solved.. right?		1
Nice to see you again, Monday!		1
I love when there are tornado watches. It.just makes my Monday.		1
All my diet consists of lately is red bull		1
Really paying attention today in psychology.		1
Feeling sorry for the bottom feeders		1
Learning about Microsoft Word in intro to comp		1
Great speaker! Just needs a tighter shirt....		1
Love spending the whole class period watching a movie on marriage...		1
When I get called a straight up slut in math.		1
This is gonna be a great day I can tell		1
Getting rained on at work made my day great.		1
well my tennis seasons over. now i have to sit at the courts all day and watch tennis		1
My favorite day of the week -,-		1
What a beautiful day with no rain ! Im extremely pumped that i just got called in....		1
Agh finally worked! I love our fast internet.		1
According to a young lad on the tram "insurance is gay". Quick, inform the press, the definition of gay has changed!		1
I love how unorganized my teacher is		1
And that was exactly what I needed this morning		1
Alabama consists of trees, highways, and very few buildings		1
Restless Leg Syndrome, Turkey Vulture Neckicitis, and Eye lash in eyephobia. All serious issues that have to be resolved.		1
went shopping for new clothes, came home with a pair of socks		1
Possibly working with the smartest people in the world		1
My life lately at school &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; cantdoanything		1
I love how has only had game aired on a major network. 1		1
Two spanish presentations, one lesson plan including a workaheet, and reading at least 150 pages of a book.. should be a fun day		1
So bored. I have to write a paper over Obamacare/Government Shutdown..		1
Hair stuck in my facemask		1
Walking to class in the pouring rain.. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; great way to stay the day		1
just got my schedule set for the winter, looks like I'm working 5 days a week and taking 16 credits -_-		1
Yay for my phone being at home, AGAGIN today.		1
This weather makes Monday all that much better		1
Omg sweet I love it when the pain in my side comes back ♡♡♡ can't go a day without it		1
Happy Monday to me...		1
Wow you're hilarious for saying hi to the professor		1
Running for the train is such an attractive look		1
Love to hear the Dr say let's give you some shots.		1
Another day in paradise		1
I love sitting at discount to get my tires rotated		1
Im having fun at the dmv..		1
Ready for soc. Yay for gender socialization!		1
Nothing like having lunch with an annoying coworker to brighten my mood.		1
It makes me so happy		1
Yay, even more short staffed than the usual short staffed busiest day of the week.		1
The day I go back to sleep for a while &amp; actually wanna stay in bed. Is the day I have to be the most busiest. 1		1
On a role today		1
The music highland plays between classes&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
It's nice coming back to work and seeing no one has done their job, makes me so happy.		1
god I love morning lectures...		1
Love getting sick in the middle of bio		1
Quitting caffeine. Too this gonna be fun		1
It's lovely to be back in the office of constant complainers and doing a job where I'm constantly getting yelled at.		1
Well my test went excellent		1
Between the knot in my lower back and the migraine brought on by this monsoon I'd say I'm really gonna be productive studying today		1
I'm glaf that I left 90 degree weather for this		1
Can really do without having to go to the supermarket I'm knackered and achy and grumpy, so all in all good mood lol		1
You know what's great? Having to pay higher a higher tax percentage on sales items because I live in the capital		1
Proper love earrings that turns your ears green		1
I just love sleeping through a class 😑		1
I love it when there's boys on our floor in the hallway when i get out of the shower....		1
Why can't I be cool and have a 4 cylinder, piece of shit Honda. :(		1
Glad you do the same things that I do gor you		1
Is it raining? I have no idea because no one has been tweeting about it.		1
This JSU vs MVSU game should be interesting!		1
Mums got us signed up for the 10K already, three years in a row		1
Because that was necessary...		1
Hilarious I am crying		1
I love being sick		1
Yaay for sore throats!		1
That was a good way to start out my day		1
Ya getting in trouble for something I didn't do (BECAUSE I WAS 200 MILES AWAY) really makes for a good monday		1
My 500 word essay didnt save and I stepped in gum already and it's not even 10 yet, it's going to be a good day		1
I loved being ignored		1
My econ professor referenced the book The Road today in class. Now I know why I took AP Lit		1
Thanks for the invite xoxoxoxoxo		1
Nothing like spending 360$ on a new car mirror that some idiot hit while I was gone this weekend. People are so nice in this world...		1
it's good to know you care		1
Firedrills when it rains		1
Life couldn't be more exciting right now, I'm have way too much fun!		1
See ya it was nice knowing you!		1
Love visits to the dentist		1
Its awesome when u don't get a single text all day		1
The internet at rowan today is on point.		1
today's just getting better and better		1
What if I changed my title from "content strategist" to "content scientist"? Would that make me seem more experienced and hirable?		1
Who knew a high schooler can be so deep and philosophical.		1
I don't understand how people can just roll out of bed and go to class. I spend hours putting together my outfits everyday.		1
Wow you've got yourself a keeper👌😂		1
I think my favorite thing in the world is being polite to people who are blatantly rude to me.		1
Jeff Koons mmmm		1
So uh my paper is five pages long and it was only supposed to be three... That's a first.		1
so glad my ended on a good note before int'l break		1
Tucking in to a well deserved Mc Donald's with the boyf		1
This is a great way to start off the week		1
I ❤️ people who say "lol" once or more than once in every single text message!!!		1
This warrior hour is so productive		1
Oh arent u jst adorable...		1
Having just an awesome day.		1
a huge thanks to my "great" friends. you guys are ALWAYS there for me.		1
Got let out 20min early in a 1h class for which I was 10min late. My only class of the day. Glad the trip downtown was worth it!		1
I get to walk across campus in a monsoon		1
accounting is the most fun		1
First class canceled, this shitty rainy day is going good		1
That sound makes me think the elevator is soo safe.		1
I speak, words come out, sometimes the dogs respond. Could it be a pitch that children cannot hear?		1
Horse's reflective boots came today! Now I can be safe in the knowledge that the only drivers who can't read and see will hit us!		1
Time for my favorite math class!		1
fuck saaake, Adam Matthews is out for 3 months with a broken collar bone		1
Funnest Accounting LT ever!		1
Yeah I'm obviously fucking doing that.		1
Thanks Obama for taking away Amber Alerts.. I'm sure you don't care if our children are stolen or lost. YOU'RE AWESOME... 😒😒😒		1
Thanks for moving up the due date from October 31st to October 9th, really helpful		1
Why yes husson I love standing outside in the rain while the fire alarms go off for no reason..		1
Walking to class In a downpour is fucking sweet.		1
I am so loving this rainy gloomy depressing weather		1
Driving school is just what i wanted to do on fall break!!		1
Homework aftet work.		1
So disappointed that the sophomore decor fell😢		1
duck boots and shorts are as classy as it gets.		1
I just love being sick		1
There were seriously not enough sunrise pictures on Instagram this morning		1
My arm and my stomach hurt .. Wonderful day		1
My day keeps getting better and better.....		1
For the next 3 and a half hours I get to observe baseball boys practicing. Good thing I look hot in khakis		1
Global dbq... Definitely getting done		1
well today is a wash.....get it..."wash"....cause it's raining! I'm so funny!		1
Having a nosebleed in the middle of my bio lecture class = perfect start to my week 👌👌👌		1
Yay for sausage feet!		1
Yes yes. And then when we run out of customers...the store will CLOSE! Hahaha! It's such a masterful plan!		1
You were very helpful		1
Can't wait to get my homecoming pictures ♥		1
Getting sick at school is always fun		1
The Network, propably the best network in the world.		1
8th week of school &amp; I've learned nothing in this class..		1
if work this week doesn't kill me my ovaries certainly will instead.		1
Haha Justin Bieber visits a show during NYFW and looks like he's wearing a garbage bag. Very fashionable indeed		1
You know you've made it in the news biz when the deputy county executive sends you news releases directly!		1
I just love walking home in the rain		1
Yep my parents are retarded... Going on over cupboard doors now		1
Seeing all the beach pictures makes practice 10x more enjoyable. 👌		1
Hollister has a sale for $18 sweatpants...yeah sure great sale -___-		1
i love how everyone is stressing ab midterms but im already stressing about finals and term papers		1
This isn't even regular rain. Its just raining so hard its like its pissing on your soul. My day is going JUST wonderful		1
Walking through this rain was so fun		1
Well that was an eventful day of school!		1
Delayed flights ain't it.		1
Some guy just honked and hollered at me as I was walking out of my mom's work. What a classy way to hit on me.		1
Ah, me and my smooth skills.		1
Today has started off just wonderfully. And it's only gonna get better.		1
Habitat for humanity is much fun...		1
Yes everyone I have been abroad 😝😝😝		1
Shout out to all the girls who are putting pink streaks in your hair this month! You are really doing your part to fund research!		1
I'm so glad its raining so I can walk to class in the pouring rain		1
Isn't it a beautiful day? ☀️⛅️😎		1
My favorite feeling in the world is being ignored and alone.		1
Gotta love riding your bike in the rain!		1
Headache and no food in my stomach. Today is awesome!		1
Couldn't sign up for Vball b/c supposedly I'm not a NIU student. So I guess I'm just taking classes &amp; paying tuition for fun.		1
PPR time. This is fun.		1
Great quality!! I can hear the audience laughing!		1
Gee, no one knew that would happen.		1
Speeding tickets just tickle my fancy real nice..... 😒		1
Its a shame I didn't go to school today. I missed out on an amazing fire drill. Oh darn.		1
The road is really visible while driving today		1
I guess women really can't open sci-fi movies.		1
So.. Yeah sound yous are lovely absolutely lovely !		1
Beautiful weather we're having ☀️		1
SJSU or SFSU oh the options. Hahahahah		1
Thanks for putting me in a bad mood		1
Lovin these long walks from the bus stop in the rain		1
9 oclock kick off for a friendly-nice one		1
I love killing a reed in three days		1
I'm so excited for our team walk to Taco Bell and Burger King on Thursday		1
I'm miserable so that means this diet is working. Starving for a six pack.		1
Wearing a back brace is always fun.		1
It bothers me when people say were pregnant... Cause dudes can get prego.		1
I'm deeply offended about all of the offended people in the world.		1
My teacher is just so helpful		1
MEAPS tomorrow? thats cool.		1
Knee deep in work, and debating going out for a drink		1
Going shopping with my mother. This should be fun 😵🔫		1
Thought I'd be domesticated today. Took me 20 minutes to work out how to get the dust out of the Hoover		1
Well, I really want to go space after seeing Gravity!		1
today has just been fucking great. not.		1
Your an amazing friend!		1
Ohh yeah I match!		1
Did you know there are ppl that know something abt everything, have done everything, and done it better than anyone?		1
In like Matt Flynn		1
Was wel echt wul if met trainen		1
The amount of service i get in Knox is amazing		1
Love when all my radio stations are on a commercial break.		1
So University Challenge, Oxford got 115, Cambridge got 260 and I got 2!		1
Another boring training day that has me reading Wikipedia for fun. At least I'll be furloughed tomorrow and can be busy at home!		1
Love the fact that we don't really talk anymore		1
ross has fell asleep on me 🙉🔫		1
Wedding this wknd - shud b fun		1
Well this weather makes this day better		1
Oh yea its completely fine to pull over to the side of the road during this rain no worries its not like i wanna b home 😠		1
Just got out of the lake. Lovely day at work.		1
I just love it when my friends know something that I don't and they hold it over my head!...		1
I swear Freddie is already giving up on us...		1
Well that was embarrassing...		1
Night school tomorrow is gonna be off the hooooook		1
So I fly back home to PA on Friday...just to get my wisdom teeth pulled! Yaaaaay. I am so excited.		1
The moment when you go downtown to "avoid" traffic on 95 N and you get stopped for 15 minutes by a train.		1
I love it when the call center in the next row to me starts yelling at the callers		1
get to watch a tour in this 50 degree weather		1
I'm really making people happy this past week		1
So after I adopt this Alaskan Malamute imma get an Australian Shepherd and that'll be it.		1
Yeah I'm sure this cold rain is amazing for my cold!		1
So I slept for most of the day and woke up not feelong refreshed. Thanks sleep. Thought you were my pal.		1
Bad idea listening to Tyler the Creator in the gym, feel like I could smash a weight off someone's head		1
You gotta love assignments!		1
That was one hell of a tropical storm this weekend.		1
Oh great. Thinking up a strapline for a job for a mechanic. This is right in my sphere of experience.		1
I love waiting for my sister after school...		1
nice to know you care		1
First time riding the bus this year... It is well ummm a blast		1
Love that my friends are there for each other		1
Being replaced is just so great..		1
Well a few chilled out weekends went to plan! 😐		1
I love being ignored so much. 😃		1
I love sweating while I get ready. 😒		1
Nothing makes me buy a book faster than the cover being a picture of a belt.		1
Just lovely.. we turn around to come home and something flies off the truck infront of us and hits the car		1
When things in life are too good to be true, and dont go the way you need them...		1
Thanks for picking me up today mom. Now I don't get to see Dustin. Even if it is only for like 5 seconds.		1
Everyone's so chatty tonight 😏		1
Having the bants and lols in bed		1
My mom starts her new job full time on my birthday.. So I'll be all alone		1
Yay for delayed flights 😠😫		1
there isn't enough of me to go round ;)		1
Nothing like a drink you can chew		1
My mom is stalking my Instagram and liking all of my pics 😳..well she's being productive at work		1
Only me 3rd lecture of my master's degree tomorrow and yet we're already on week 3! This post grad stuff is easy		1
The Department of Motor Vehicles is a simple and reliable government office.		1
I love how all I do is lay in bed or work		1
I love how people confront people about problems via social networking sites.		1
Great approach at the plate there for jones		1
Limerick 7-28 Waterford 2-4. Limerick toppled a great spirited Waterford performance!		1
Baby sitting is just so much fun		1
Woohoo for getting admitted back into the place I just spend 5 weeks at. I just love hospitals.		1
Almost forgot.... Happy one month to me being sick!! :) ♥		1
Back to 6am training tomorrow		1
1534: Civil issue between neighbors. One of my fav kind of calls.		1
...and I forgot my headphones... Fabulous!		1
Yay I love being sick👍😂😂		1
my girlfriend replies so fast, its like faster than the speed of light I just can't keep up		1
Leaving my phone charger at Adams was a good move		1
Totally cool with that		1
I LOVE when I remember the right answer after the test...		1
Ugly bitches think they fine....aha		1
What a fun road trip to Fredericksburg today with Cason lol		1
I love how much my friends careeeeeee		1
Let me tell ya, the extra 3 min added to our lunch today was a great reward		1
gotta love greve do metro.		1
When i type 😃 or LOL or NO WAY! You have no idea how much expression is on my face		1
Having sams ex's cousin sending me pictures of his tiny willy on anapchat is what ive always forever wanted...		1
That's def the healthcare system I want here		1
Feeling like a bus ran me over, an hour before I have to drive home for an eye appointment. Yay.		1
Huh fancy seeing you here.		1
Cause talking to 2 guys at once always is a good idea		1
I just love it when pure water gives me the wrong tea.😂		1
Abby takes SUCH flattering pictures of me		1
Well tomorrow's going to be productive		1
I love when my family eats dinner in the kitchen and I eat alone in the dining room		1
I'd feel so successful in life if i had 10k tweets and also feel cool like the rest of you.		1
Im glad I still have to do my 21 year old brothers laundry		1
Wow I love being 5 pounds above my lw		1
I thought once you got your tonsils removed you couldn't get strep.		1
I have great luck lol		1
Complain a lil more about me mom I just love it so much 😒		1
atleast sams being supportive		1
I just love having a metal mouth		1
No go ahead and proceed to open my snapchat and not reply- really it's okay..		1
I love being alone for dinner		1
Love hour and a half waits at the doctor...		1
School Made the news for a stabbing... Nice job townshiz! 👏		1
Well that point me in a great mood		1
Yeah, I feel extremely popular.		1
Anti biotics for a week... Ace!!!!		1
Such a good feeling :):)		1
Allergies+sinus infection+holes in my neck from surgery+throwing up all the "food" i eat =happiness💖😍		1
My luck gets better and better by the minute		1
After a day like I had eating with my parents is the only thing I wanna do		1
Playing in the rain is always funn⚽️		1
I love when someone all of a sudden stops texting you.		1
Shout out to all the kids who knock others bikes down		1
It's almost time for art class! 🎨 Yippie!!		1
Well that's a good start...		1
School, nap, work, homework. Living the life		1
nothing like a school picture to really make you feel good about yourself		1
What a perfect start so far		1
Glad I paid $40 to get my nails done so they can chip off 5 days later...		1
Aaaaaah florida, you either have too much rain or too much heat.		1
Love waiting 2 hours at the specialist for another x ray. It's my favorite part of the day!		1
Babysitting is just the most exciting thing!		1
Options for my mid term essay: marijuana, or assisted suicide. Wonderful I know so much about both.		1
Spending the evening at flower hospital is exactly what I wanted to do..		1
My first physio appointment yay		1
Time for another x-ray!		1
being lied to is nice too ya know...		1
So I get on Facebook and see that like 4 friends are now in a relationship. Making me feel so much better.		1
line judging 7th graders volleyball games is really fun		1
I would be lucky enough to slice my foot on the broken tile in the pool at swim class, on the last lap 🏊		1
Middle of class and your pen runs out and it's like "noooo I can't finish my pretty drawing!!"		1
Looks like I'm gonna be everyone's best friend again since that's all I know how to do.		1
Nothing better than leaving your 3 hour class and having to walk across campus in the rain		1
A wonderful headache, a slow night at work, and essay to type. What a great day.		1
Back in toon		1
I am looking for concerts in Nashville..Shut the front door..Donny and Marie Osmond		1
Its so ironic that you always favor him.		1
I think my life could use more stress.....		1
Finding out I have to work both jobs on pub crawl weekend? Sweeeeetttttt.		1
Time to do chores. Woohoo		1
I'm begging you, hit every bump in the road. My bladder can handle it.		1
thank you to the jerk who put gum on my window. real cool. you're so mature and such a doll.		1
Hahaha you're so mature 😂😂😂		1
Gotta love driving to places just to have to drive back cause it's cancelled!		1
I'm trying so hard on this English homework		1
I just love when somebody else takes their bad day out on me!		1
This bitch posted a picture of the sky &amp; the sky looked normal as shit.. &amp; she made it seem in the caption it was so awesome. 😂😂		1
Could Sam Anderson sound any more stupid in his affidavit		1
your practice pad drumming sounds super cool......		1
fun fact: a flock of seagulls (like 20, legit) were chasing me, so i jumped into the ocean with my clothes on... highlight of the day		1
Sleep is going well		1
ugh. i think im sick.		1
I am proud of my PTI family. Real Mature!		1
For some one in a "lesbian/antipatriarchy" relationship, I tend to fulfill the domestic housewife role quite often.		1
This allergic reaction I'm having right now is pretty cool.		1
The iPhone 5C isn't selling? What a surprise		1
I love having drive time til 9.		1
I have 2 test to study for and a movie I have to watch for class tonight's going to be fun		1
Oh mondays...you're so awesome.		1
i have oil all through my hair, the perks of working with my dad.		1
My allergies just love all this soybean dust		1
such great friends I have		1
It feels so good to talk to someone who leaves you talking with yourself		1
Another night of rice for dinner. As if my life couldn't get any more depressing.		1
Why yes I love spending my Friday night studying....		1
When you go to qdoba and your parents pay and they get the free entre....		1
So sad I'm not still a CMU student so I could be at the Big Sean show tonight...		1
or everyone ignore me.. just awesome		1
I love when prostitutes on law &amp; order are named Lila.		1
It should be illegal to have this much fun!! Hahaha		1
I love when my Vines don't load..		1
Lol thNks for the help :)		1
Well The Deeping Stage contained a lorry load of talent tonight!!		1
The things I would do to be at Florida Georgia Line right now...good thing I have tickets to Jason Mraz!!!		1
It's 8:30 on a Friday and I'm in bed.		1
Can I go back to Ottawa yet?		1
If they could have friendlier waitstaff here that would be fantastic.		1
Dont blame me, blame ,, well it is cold ,and all these pink cars ,had my mind on boobies .sorry		1
lol tonight is going great.		1
I've really adjusted to having a broken phone...		1
It's really great how my house is -20 degrees right now.		1
Myranda thinks I'm drunk and high.		1
I've done so much for you and tried pretty damn hard, glad you could do the same.		1
Cool story craig sagar		1
That makes a lot of sense		1
Such a wild night...		1
No plans on a friday night... Well this is fun.		1
What a great Friday night.		1
Good thing I missed taking my best friend out for her birthday because I'm working!!! I'm just beyond thrilled		1
Glad I straightened my hair		1
I love spending my Friday nights in bed 👌		1
Blow drying my hair with a stiff neck is going to be fun		1
The nice scent of cow shit makes my room all that better		1
So excited for the my first meeting for work tomorrow.		1
Nice night for a drive to		1
Loooove spending Friday nights by myself 😒		1
Is that for me thank you, really:DD ILY		1
My phones broke… thats nice.		1
Comets coach jawing at a fan. Classy!		1
My family only allows me to drink a 6 pack of bud light minnies cause I'm such a lightweight		1
Oh, that makes it acceptable.		1
So excited to be sitting at home on a Friday night.		1
Welp this is fun...		1
Sitting at a bar by yourself is not as cool as it may sound...		1
Well that makes me feel great.		1
best night of my life		1
I got a lot of production today		1
way to go u got urself a hottie LOL		1
Its okay I don't really want to talk to you anyways...		1
I'm privileged enough to go on a required field trip at six in the morning to meditate in the woods oh happy day!		1
Nothing better than sitting at home on a Friday night!		1
Yep, the fire alarm just went off at Texas Roadhouse and the manager walks out to tell us it's just smoke. That's reassuring.		1
Iowa jokes get better and better every time I hear them.		1
I love being the 7th wheel		1
That was some Craic !!!		1
What an eventful Friday night....		1
My favorite thing ever is that my boyfriend and I have conflicting schedules so I get to see him for like hour at a time 1		1
OH HOW I LOVE BEING IGNORED		1
What a nice conversation that was ☺️		1
Love sitting home alone on a Friday night with eight stitches in my forehead.		1
dad just asked me if I was talking to strangers on twitter. YES DAD, I AM. BECAUSE I LOVE EXPOSING MYSELF TO PEOPLE I BARELY KNOW		1
Love cleaning tack at 10 pm!!!!!!		1
Today I saw the shittiest van with the license plate that said 'spoiled' hahaha yeah you are so spoiled		1
So nice that all evening plans were ruined.		1
Maybe tomorrow will be better ,		1
Fireworks are way better than the bonfire.		1
Lol thanks for texting me back.		1
So glad Paris Hilton finally came out with a new song		1
I love crying over you.		1
Sucha fun Friday night		1
Damn my brother is so nice to me....		1
ole buddy in bar tryin to persuade folks to be a "roll tide" fan.. U can tell he's a true Bammer..		1
My life is seriously sooo exciting!		1
Have a concussion sweeet		1
FUCKING AWESOME CONVERSATIONS EVER SINCE I GOT TO FUCKING CALGARY		1
I sure do love headaches!		1
Well that was fun. 😂		1
Okay so I'm going to the Ga Mtn Fair tomorrow &amp; I'm gonna see the old guy who sings "Cotton Eye Joe"...I'm such a lucky girl -___-		1
I remember when I hung out at skateparks		1
I just love when people don't reply !!		1
thanks cuz i needed to hear outta your mouth how pathetic my friday night is.		1
Studying because it's fun.		1
My mom just completely ruined my night...		1
I love how Kyle's avi is in my bedroom. He respects my space so much.		1
Not to be mean or anything... but I wish you'd get hit my a train..		1
That was a really close game...		1
Or don't text me. That's cool too..		1
Having a great friday night		1
I just Love rumors		1
Best thing ever invented... teenage girl drama.		1
What an awesome person you are		1
It's alright guys, Chicharones is going to score a hat trick		1
My life is just awesome right now!		1
Alright well I tried and that's all I can do, glad to see you could contribute.		1
Staying out till 4am then carrying on drinking when you get home is such a good idea.		1
Uh Oh, I think I pissed off someone's brother. Haha. It is cool to troll NHL players until they respond.		1
Really excited to sit in a chair and stare at still water for 4 hours tomorrow morning👌		1
This Madison game is just too hype.		1
Well.. Looks like I'm third wheelin it tonight. This ought to be fun.		1
That was such a great play by Puig, outstanding and crazy crazy crazy athletic. Nobody else makes if		1
Sitting at home watching the amc walking dead marathon.		1
So looking forward to watching Tyson all weekend.		1
It's always great to lose your homecoming game!		1
Gonna be a great fucking long weekend.		1
Don't worry I don't like talking to you anyway ..		1
Lol I'm so cute		1
Lol told him I was going to bed😂		1
I clearly put a lot of effort into my appearance tonight		1
Thanks to all my friends who ditched me!		1
Getting hit on by rednecks is exactly what I wanted tonight.		1
Woo hoo, I get to sleep in a whole extra 15 minutes more than usual. I am going to be so refreshed.		1
I LOVE BEING SICK!		1
Doing homework! WOOAAHHH		1
Best night of my entire life		1
Just in a pissed off mood and goin to bed like this		1
The people who came and watched me play tonightcouldn't have picked a better game....		1
Lovin dat one bar Internet.		1
I hate when people "forget" to invite you to things		1
I'm glad my computer decided to restart while I'm watching glee		1
Justwhere i wanna be my second home its good to be back.		1
thanks for whoever was singing stay stay stay in the backyard its really helping me fall asleep		1
Today just keeps getting better and better		1
you're welcome for that relationship. hope you have fun		1
I don't want to clean tomorrow I just wanted to sleep in		1
I just looovvvee having two swollen ankles!		1
I just love being at the hospital....😷		1
Wow such a great night.		1
Love when people snap chat but don't txt back		1
Oh how I love Cleveland, Tn.		1
attempting to write my paper &amp; on duty during my Friday night - exactly what I needed after a long week.		1
That moment when you hope that STL beats the Dodgers... I'm not bitter at all!		1
I like when people make me feel like shit. It makes me feel so much better about myself.		1
She don't be wanting nothing ...she jus wanna aggravate me		1
Man that Athens game was a close one		1
Nice angle to the ball Jon Jay		1
Tomorrow is going to be great.		1
yay for having cheer practice tomorrow, on a SATURDAY. from 9 till 12. 😐		1
Skip Schumaker clearly should have started in centerfield for the Cardinals instead of John Jay.		1
Perfect start to a weekend....		1
And Carlos Beltran comes up HUGE again.....Shocking.		1
Yeah its real fun looking for cows that got out past midnight!		1
Great play by Carlos Beltran! If only Puig could have made a similar game saving play so we could go ahead and build him a monument		1
Oh That always just makes my day		1
When a guy comes through drive through and asks for my number. Yeh this uniform is obv flattering!		1
I love leaving away football games at 11:00..		1
Love lies so much.		1
I sure feel the love.		1
You are so cool		1
I loooveeee this feeling.		1
Oh denison you smell lovely this time of day!!		1
Wow thanks for the invite.. Feelin the love		1
YOU ARE SO SWEET		1
Such a good night		1
what a great way to end my fabulous night.		1
Well that made me feel good..		1
Glad u were here 4 me		1
Tomorrow shouldn't be awkward at all...		1
Cal Ripken with some golden		1
Wow Beccas so nice to me		1
Shin splints freaking feel awesome.		1
I lead SUCH an exciting life.. haha		1
Wanted to sleep in my bed when I got home..clearly my family had another idea		1
haha.... didn''t see that coming.		1
I'm really glad I'm at home, by myself , and sober rn		1
I'm now missing Rush Hour 3 for this "baseball game" everyone is talking about. Ugh.		1
Love waking up at 5:30		1
Who else is pumped up to see eachother at 7 at cheering!Then dance all day!Then school projects then birthday parties!OMG I'm so pumped		1
Cool FAKE ASS Versace necklace		1
I can't wait for school on Tuesday I get to see those pathetic faggot ass wannabes.		1
I love how we are talking shit to our own!		1
this night is just oh so great.		1
I have the best luck ever...		1
Wow thanks mom and dad for not making any dinner for me for when I got off work! That was real swell of you!		1
Suffering from phone withdrawl..		1
oh I love it when you dont text back...		1
Jenna thinks she's funnier than me and it's cause she's		1
having feelings for someone who barely knows you exist		1
Having fun and I don't even have to drink! Such a surprise!		1
and i won't get any sleep tonight because the music from relay for life is sooo loud but i still have crewfew		1
So I guess I'm about to be milking cows at 2:30 in the morning		1
Makes me happy seeing the dodgers lose 😊 I wouldn't mind seeing any team win the World Series except for the dodgers		1
Aw thanks for remembering about me👌		1
Lewisville better be ready.		1
My life is so exciting		1
gotta wake up early as hell ugh man not gonna be fun and sucha tough day of work ahead of me lol oh what fun.....		1
5.40 start after a night out! Thanks Dan		1
Can't wait to work tomorrow morning 💤👊		1
Ahh, the soothing sound of a rattling motorhome.		1
The way i would say it IS .... Jump from that rock and fall bitch.		1
Glad my cheek is all red and blotchy from the tattoo....I look great		1
Well thats a great way to end my day....		1
so excited for tomorrow!		1
Haha I love how it's supposed to be a secret. Yet everyone knows. people are great at keeping secrets		1
I always have the best luck when it comes to girls		1
I get in the best and then just about fall asleep instantly. No I haven't been working to hard at all -		1
That was a great end to a nice night		1
Fuck you... Hopefully you last forever and ever		1
Lots of sleep tonight		1
"Let's stay at this wack ass club til it closes, but we can stand in the same place and make fun of the funny dancing white folks"		1
Yay for being depressed		1
Trains not running from to direct and the is suspended. It's going to be fun getting to work woo!		1
I just love being at the bottom of your priorities list		1
Fucking love changing all my bedding at 2 in the morning because my puppy threw up in my bed 😒		1
It's 2 o'clock in the morning..and my alarms set for 7:30 in the morning..can't wait.		1
I love working early		1
Got my first damn ticket! 😑 Boyfriend snapped at me, agh! I just wanna go to bed now, not impressed with myself 😔		1
cooool wow . my night just got greaaaat .		1
Did that really just happen?		1
Well my first part of the school year is going "great" with my vehicle luck..		1
😂😂😂😂 that dude said I look like Ryan gosling		1
I choose the right time to start (weather wise) coaching again.		1
Do rockem sockem robots punch?		1
"Only know you love her when you let her go...and you let her go."		1
Today i dnt feel like doing anything, i jis wanna lay in ma bed		1
yeah such a good way to start my birthday weekend		1
Man why do I always have to be the babysitter? This is why partying with you gets old.		1
Love getting up early for work		1
Sounds like Sarah's living the life		1
What a greaaaatt night		1
Working on a criminology paper all Thanksgiving weekend.		1
Because 45 minutes away makes it so hard to stay the same.		1
oh yeahh, you should be tAlking shit...cause youre really beautiful, right????		1
Home sweet apartment ....		1
I just love this town 😀		1
Nobody to text anymore lol		1
haha. you're pretty funny.		1
Just now leaving work		1
I hate tv channels for playing horror movie ads late at night		1
Perfect weather for working outside		1
School on a Saturday. Because you can never have enough biology.		1
Coming down with another chest infection. ... wonderful		1
Great start to the weekend!		1
Today I had class from 8 to 4, sat in a car for six hours, and fought with my Dad...yeah, it's good to be back!		1
Watching everyone &amp; taking care of everyone; smh, this is funn		1
Watching Sooty on Saturday morning... Does life get better?		1
Fuck all you dodger fans who sit in our bar for 7 hours and don't tip for shit.		1
So excited to work in 3 hours!		1
I don't want to go to work for a 12 hour shift 😭		1
Love having to go let my sister into her house after she locks herself out		1
Oh &amp; tatt life i still cant believe u had the balls to speak last night 😂😂 lawwd he grown up .		1
What a lovely morning to be up and out in for Alfs football		1
The AM will be fun		1
Lol super obvious you don't care if we are close or not ✌️		1
So glad I spent over $100 coming home this weekend so worth it		1
It's way too late to be up, and way to late to be buzzed watching political shows. Why is my life so exciting?		1
Love waking up early on a Saturday to get my poxy flu jab!!!		1
Wish I was cool like you !!!!		1
Well waking up in less then 3 hours for work shall be fun.		1
Love that it's supposed to be raining all day		1
Accidentally using dad's toothbrush is a great start to a family bonding trip		1
Congrats!! BEST BRO EVER!!!! IDOL TIKA		1
going to work sick...this will be fun		1
So happy I'm awake right now instead of sleeping.		1
This morning shall mostly be accounts related - oh joy		1
In my house, eating chips high, jerking off and playing video games		1
Bundesliga highlights done, now head on hockey. Love travelling to Wales...		1
More bad news = marvellous		1
Mornings starting great. Hit a curb and got a flat...faaaaaaantastic.		1
I think I've got the house to myself most of the day, great		1
today has to be productive but it's so tempting to just stay in bed, especially with this lovely Yorkshire sunshine		1
Today's gunna be so fun		1
Thanks a lot Mariano&amp;Ferrer! :) Really appreciate it!		1
oh and here's to a fabulous day doing art		1
Our next King Tiger: Aljon Mariano.		1
That terrible moment when you plan to study on a trip but brought the wrong book.		1
I love it when my phone overheats and stops charging		1
Spent 8.5 hours over the past two days cutting, laminating and cutting teaching resources.		1
What a lovely day......		1
Love those early morning babysitting sessions		1
Having a grrrrrreat day already today		1
Woke up at 430 this morning, ready to take on the world!		1
I love how I always wake up in the middle of the night.		1
I love it when I can sleep in but instead get up at 6:30		1
Always charming to be followed by your MP who thinks you are a 2nd class citizen		1
Work is gonna be rammed today		1
The best thing ever is waking up three minutes before your alarm.		1
I just love getting up for a 3 hour practice on the day of homecoming		1
Thanks for the puke shower Emma, that's just what I wanted.		1
nothing to do		1
I love being up at 6:30		1
Work 8-5 and 7:30-9, sick can't wait!!		1
Yea cause after a full week of school the first thing I wana do it go to work at 8		1
All Pompey sing during the game is Pompey play up good support 👍		1
So nice being up this early -.-		1
Love when Lucas comes in my room at 8 in the morning and jumps on me		1
Now a double ear infection? Sweet👌		1
Can't wait to play on less than 4 hours of sleep. 💗		1
Well that was a great way to start my day		1
I have the craziest most exciting weekends..		1
My thumb nail broke, great start to my day		1
It's such a great morning for an AP session all the way in hazel green.		1
i love taking sticky notes off my car at 7 in the morning when i should be getting ready for my tournament		1
Please do tweet about how your man enters you consistently. Single women love to hear about the pro's of relationships...		1
I just loveeee when people don't text me back...		1
Del Potro goes two breaks up in the 1st. Chalk one up for colour co-ordination.		1
Babysitting later this will be fun !		1
Just love feeling ruffers on the weekend		1
Feeling so fantastic right now...		1
IKEA is a barrel of laughs....		1
Always love doing nothing with my saturday		1
great way to start the morning		1
Practice onna saturday		1
So apparently I'm gonna spend my vacation working....GREAT		1
Saturday school is just where I want to be this morning.		1
Wow that awesome		1
Apparently snapped the control arm and axle in my car.... Nice		1
Doing some filing and then studying allllll weekend		1
Love it when I have to wear under armour to work.		1
I ❤️ selling tickets at JV tourneys		1
I really want to spend my Saturday working 9:30-6:30..		1
11 hours of work today !!!		1
you gotta love cleaning up after everyone		1
Charlie Allen starting oh great		1
Love the early morning call times for band contests.		1
Got to love waking up still feeling a bit drunk		1
Saturday afternoon with no football and a dining table and chairs to put together		1
Well isn't this just a great way to start off my morning!		1
The weekend is extra special when you're heading in on a Saturday!		1
Real excited to stand around at the baseball showcase today at KU because I hurt my shoulder last night!		1
Work rn sounds like a blast!		1
in such an amazing mood...		1
Being ignored is seriously the best feeling ever 👍		1
ahh i love the feeling the morning after a night of drinking. when you can feel the alcohol just seeping out your pores.		1
GM from Bruce n Bruce. Off to work. Saturdays r the best. Awesome.		1
Cheers to 2 years		1
Waste of time n gas. Love it.		1
Hahahaha you're so funny😂		1
Oh yeah...that chipotle chicken jalapeño wrap last night was an awesome idea		1
At work till ten let the fun begin		1
Man today should be a fun day!		1
Well today started out great...		1
Practically the full weekend spent working		1
Waking up from a dream and having to accept that I'm not actually dating that celebrity 😑		1
Sitting on a bus with 40 freshman listening to their boozing stories and smelling their disgusting booze breath. This should be fun.		1
Glad that I'm spending the Saturday of my fall break touring the campus of a college I don't attend.		1
Now I don't have a shirt until I meet up with my friends...		1
That's just what I want to hear when I wake up...		1
Thanks guys. Thanks a lot.		1
Hell yeah I love waking up at 6 am on the weekend.		1
About to spend another fun and exciting day at the boat.		1
Senior pictures today! So if you see me posing at random places feel free enjoy the view 😂		1
Practicing IELTS. How funny ! &lt;3		1
This is gonna be so much fun.....		1
As if I'm not here. Love it.		1
I love saturday school		1
This is going to be the longest weekend.. Ohh how I love having to take a CPR course 😒		1
On my way to target and I see Mr.Pardi and other people from school🙈 great way to start the day🙅		1
Nothing like reading my sisters tweets seeing she is cussing like a sailor in them.		1
so bored can i just		1
I mean I guess it's cool to ditch me for other girls		1
Good thing I got 3 hours of sleep!		1
This is gonna be so fun😅		1
I love road trips with nobody to text		1
Weekend....doesn't even feel like it -_-		1
Can't wait to see thaaat! 😒		1
Didn't get cut till 12:30 last night and now I'm working a double. so hype...		1
Wow thank you ha. You made my day. Like you always do since day 1. Salamat talaga.		1
Love the feeling of being ignored		1
Bradford is a really beautiful place ...		1
Props to my dad for losing the only under armor shirt I had		1
Pretty cool when nobody in my family answers their phone..		1
I'm so ready to pick up trash on the side of a road.		1
I love going to the mall by myself		1
Yay, it's raining and my mom is making me study for the PSAT instead of going to the barn. Joy.		1
I just love when I'm driving behind a slowpoke, then I change lanes behind a fastpoke, and they magically become a slowpoke too! :D		1
My favorite pastime is waking up every Saturday/Sunday morning and reading about everyone getting drunk the night before		1
Yay for working a 9 1/2 hour shift today		1
Not into bum licking not the woman for me...		1
My fall break is gonna be so fun.		1
Annnnnd my voice is gone. Oh how I love being sick!		1
Um. An acoustic version of New Found Glory is playing at work...		1
Why does it seem that I'm always the one the gets screwed...?		1
Totally looking forward to this 15 hour shift today! :D		1
Oh the joys of putting up the tempo!		1
I will kill the government if they make young drivers do 120 lessons, yeah because I have money for that.		1
Everyone is already going to tailgate, and im going work cool		1
Shoutout to the nigga that hit me wit his car. Your awesome.		1
Greaaaaat, I just love being sick.		1
I love this roofing business		1
Wow thanks for callin and tellin me I had a baby sister three days ago I really appreciate it.!		1
While everyone is enjoying homecoming ...I'll be at work. love today!		1
Billy Ray praised 4 the savvy way she is marketing herself.Congrats.Your daughter is whoring herself out &amp; its so genius		1
Well today's off to a wonderful start		1
So home alone for the evening then		1
oh that makes sense :/		1
and im glad they were thoughtful and left me money &amp; stuff		1
It's really great to see girls from our school cheering for the other team!		1
Driving to PA...this is gonna be a fun drive		1
Just about died, so that's nice.. Today's gonna be great!		1
Dear girl in Primark, bloody hell! Its okay to crack a smile! And its okay that I didn't want the hangers but gave them me anyway...		1
Not answering...that fixes the problem...		1
Lewes fans are a real classy bunch.		1
Didn't know Pokemon was still big people going mad for it		1
i think its so cute when people ignore me☺️👊		1
Today is already just lovely		1
My brother's gift to me for him coming home: doing his laundry 👌		1
An overpacker trying to pack for a three month trip to This should be fun.		1
I'm glad nobody has any idea what's going on for these tours.		1
I love my support system.		1
Glad I passed up 4 free tickets today's game		1
paying bills is so much fun! :D		1
Got up at 12 to go to brunch, came back and promptly fell asleep and napped until now...		1
I love that my iMessage never wants to work properly		1
I love how my parents talk about me behind my back		1
I send the most attractive snapchats... 😘		1
Lol, great birthday so far		1
Love going to school on a Saturday.		1
I just love getting terrible headaches		1
Just showed my mom and my aunt the video for Miley Cyrus new song, 23		1
Good morning, Floridians. Midterm weekend. Yay		1
Tim Beck is just a great play caller.		1
Surrounded by Ayr fans. Greatttttt.		1
What a great way to wake up in the morning.		1
I love game days because my phone stops working..		1
KFC orientation is fun		1
How could Shaw not see that big yellow line on the field?		1
I love not having anything to do on a saturday		1
Great!! Just great! I get to do nothing again this weekend!!! YAY!!!!!!!		1
Horrid Henry's credits were so annoying... Something about poo and school in a song		1
Looks like the KU section showed up in full force.		1
If this mall had anymore excitement in it, I believe it would explode.		1
Time to start cleaning ..		1
Good job Brandon Allen!		1
Oh well good morning to you too sunshine		1
cant wait for this 70 year old dj to start playing his tunes..		1
The thing I love most about being anaemic is that I'm ALWAYS TIRED. It's great.		1
You're just so cool I want to be just like you		1
Love two faced people like...		1
Keep demanding respect. Its gotten you so far!!		1
Wow... Great way to start my day		1
How on earth did the Welsh region win when they hadn’t rested all their players in preparation for this game???		1
I love the fact that my family tells Paige everything before they tell me		1
McDonald's have nailed Australia with the bbq supreme. U really dnot think ur in a processed meats factory near Birkenhead.		1
Went out today to get fish food and have come back with new wallpaper and a sofa		1
What a great day so far		1
Oh look someone else said I look like Selena Gomez haven't heard that one before		1
Cleaning is so much fun!		1
I don’t buy Krejci diving - even in slo-mo. Highly frowned upon by coach and Bruins organizational standards.		1
Put Dylan Thompson in		1
Step up 2 in bed with a cuppa! Crazy life I lead on a Saturday night		1
The timber industry is a very exciting topic to write about		1
Washing windows is so fun (:		1
So proud of the Sooner's D 😊		1
Oh yes mom I would love to spend this Saturday doing chores all day		1
Wow I love finding out things I should've know before😃		1
Feeling a headache coming on....		1
Love taking cold showers.		1
Being ignored is the best feeling ever		1
Lets run a not 100% Richardson up the middle. Smart		1
Wow the rain has perfect timing today		1
I have a four-cousin fan club!!😊		1
I love paying bills		1
Well that was just lovely.		1
I like how you always tweet about me.		1
Will be thrilled if it rains...		1
Bruce's jokes are about as funny as aids		1
I'm sorry you feel that way ...		1
Everytime I say I won't spend anymore money on Starbucks, I justify it by telling myself that I deserve it		1
So, you drink everyday of your life? I'm sure you're an interesting individual. Bragging about it makes you even more interesting!!!		1
Glad I don't have any hot water.		1
Hahaha I love getting called names.		1
Not hungover but slightly lightheaded. This 9 hour shift will be awesome.		1
Great. Another night shift. I'm so excited.		1
I love getting a Fall cold.		1
Well, this game is fun.		1
Turned out to be successful😏		1
Well this day just looks Fab!		1
Working all day long.		1
Looks like its night in doing school work then		1
I love seeing exes start talking again because it was clear the relationship worked out the first time.		1
You can talk to others, but you wont talk to me....how nice of you!		1
That extra time practicing during the bye week is really helping Purdue this week!		1
Flying out of chicago with bad weather.... this should be fun		1
On the last question of this fucking lit midterm and then I'm onto the next one. Cool beans.		1
Can I put work on hold to watch Kons and the MU game?		1
I love going to the mall &amp; seeing what I can't buy.!		1
I get to start off my week monday with lovely school and a nice MRI.		1
You know your day is perfect when you fall down some stairs		1
I remember when I used the F word in every Facebook status and comment		1
At least OU showed up to play.		1
I love when I lose followers		1
I do love getting toy cars thrown at my face. I also love changng a diaper, then changing it 5 minutes later because of poop.		1
Spending my Saturday at .		1
21 hours... almost one full day.		1
I love how our art club president is so involved in the club		1
Saturday night in front of the tele, cup of tea, cinnamon oatmeal watching Lion King! Perfect-o!		1
Re-shingling a roof today		1
Oh mail how I love thee		1
Sometimes I think people don't get my sense of humor.		1
What a good friend you are..		1
Didn't know being in the ER for several hours last night would be so much fun!.... and I get to go back Monday! yayyyy...		1
This is great for We will get a pissed off team coming to town next weekend!		1
they'll definitely have a happy life together.		1
Full leg splint 😍😍😍		1
And I must add.. The subbing on the team is 👌		1
What a start of a Saturday!		1
He also said I'd get sent to Scotland because I'm ginger		1
Y'all play some tough defense, Stoops		1
A very drunk man on a bike asked me for something to put down his mums very ill horse... I really think his intentions were good!		1
Tonight's gonna suck.. One Best friend outta town, the other lives in Florida, bf working, Me home alone.		1
Studying is THE perfect way to spend your saturday night. I recommend it.		1
Apparently according to the announcers clowney's energy and one tackle willed South Carolina to score 38 points. What a player...		1
Yeah I feel Great!		1
Day to clean the house.. Yay...		1
Sitting next to a ton of unpaid head coaches here at the Razorback game. I'm sure they know more than the staff.		1
Well, he finally came back! (After 20 minutes.) I feel loved		1
Four more hours of work....		1
Has anyone thought of filming their video in a club or the strip?! That would be so innovative &amp; ground breaking...		1
Thanks for the call		1
I could totally make friends with all these cats wearing Eric Lindros and Bobby Clarke jerseys here in West Chester		1
Nicole scherzinger is a right dog.		1
What a great day to be a Niner fan!		1
Because the one thing I LOVED about Arrested Development S4 was all the stereotypical trans stuff with Pop-Pop.		1
this day is just great		1
like what a confidence boost		1
recent life events can be described as being stuck in a candy store with no money to spare. waiting makes me sick to my stomach.		1
It's crazy how the game has been on since 11 &amp; you're just now talking bout it....right. You so know what you're talking about.		1
Stoked to be spending my Saturday afternoon doing drug dosing on cell cultures and assessing viability!		1
Best oline in college football!		1
Really looking forward to babysitting until 1am today 😒		1
I forget we are still in high school...		1
I love that adorable thing you do where you don't text me back for hours. Gah. Too cute. 😊😐		1
Being sick at work is so much fun		1
Woooo running 6 blocks in the rain is always fun!		1
aaah rain. no jacket. no hoodie. no umbrella. THIS SHUD BE FUN!		1
I love when my mom tells me I'm fat. It really boosts my confidence		1
Aaron Murray too good		1
Was that lassie eatin lipstick?		1
Spending my tiger Saturday studying		1
Inbetweeners Movie, great Saturday night this		1
love spending all day at the arena		1
Always encouraged when I ask for someone's reasons for holding their view and they tell me to shove it up my rear.		1
Gotta love days like this.		1
Oh how I just love being sick...		1
Hurray! We get a whole new round of 50 Shades of Grey casting bitching now.		1
My roommates are being so social today		1
Looking forward to going home.		1
Wow that's interesting, please tell me more 🙏		1
You're so in love with someone that cheats on you allday every day pretty much👏		1
For a guy who can't handle lager Steins are a terrific idea		1
It's unlike jay to hate someone		1
This evening will be interesting......		1
Shame...in you gotta do a hundred on the highway smh		1
Appears Justin B is real class.		1
I guess tonights another night of staying home. Joy!		1
Drunk snap chats are so funny		1
Way to go....I bet u feel a lot better about yourself		1
came home...ground &amp; first floor of the building flooded...whole building out of water. saturday 10pm. lovely.		1
I just love spending 3 hours at the hospital...		1
I feel like I mean a lot to you!!		1
Or I'll work til close, that's cool too.. Cause ya know I had nothing to do tonight		1
Fall breaks over and I have a paper and a test already next week.. ✋😒		1
This weather is amazing for a night out in town!		1
People say I look weird without my glasses.		1
Well... We knew it was gonna happen, varsity blew it for us and we lost the bell.		1
This will be fun...		1
Ooh look I'm on X factor		1
This guy keeps saying gay people shouldn't be able to adopt. Because that's obviously how homosexuality spreads		1
Life got that low I've resorted to watching X factor on a saturday night...		1
Woohoo im missing homecoming this year		1
I'm tired of the over analysis and second guessing of every play in college football...now time to watch playoff baseball.		1
Today's a beautiful day and to go to dorney tonight would be awesome but I'd rather have work anyway.		1
Well this is nice...		1
Well that was a wasted trip to Athens. Good game dawgs		1
hello blood shot eyes(: it's so nice of you to come back		1
"Now you stay outta those Nova Scotia politics" ok Grammie, I'll keep that in mind		1
S/O to Google Maps for taking me on an hour long drive around Denver.		1
I wish I could go to school in my comfiest pair if sweats. My biggest t-shirt. I pair of house shoes. No make-up at all.		1
I'll bring the box set aswell		1
Good to see it's still pouring in DC.		1
Yay! Dental appointments on Saturday!		1
Getting yelled at is the best feeling ever! ☺️		1
At this moment, i has to ride to the airport for 2 weeks to Kenya with school. But Im cant because off gymnastics. 😣		1
Shoutout to that couple that eats eachothers faces at lunch! We all love PDA		1
My life is so crazy and ridiculous, I need to calm down		1
I love working at a grocery store, and ebt being down.		1
Wait. Mizzou beat Georgia AND Texas beat Oklahoma? This is why everyone should ignore NCAA football until there's a playoff system.		1
Thanks dad you make me feel like a better person		1
Only 6 more hours... I love working doubles &lt;3		1
I absolutely love when people try to change you.		1
Yeah sure I guess I am ready.		1
My twitter feed consists of the most enlightened people.		1
Mad af I couldn't go to the game....but my team did act like like a bunch of crabby bitches and we lost..		1
pleased MOTD isn't on today. I've got such a busy night ahead of me, having more things to do would be annoying		1
Losing all your phone contacts &lt;&lt;&lt;		1
Why would you say that?		1
I'm looking realllllly cute in my snaps today.		1
Being ignored feels great		1
I love not texting you all day.		1
Hehe , this is fucking just perfect.		1
Yay time for work...		1
Boy am I glad my mom trusts me!		1
wow dad you know how to make me feel so goood about myself		1
Sittin on a bench at the mall while Emily's shopping.		1
Love having no plans for the night		1
Thank God for sisters		1
The TTC chose a great weekend to stop subway service!		1
Sandra Bullock looking terrible as usual on the Jonathan Ross Show tonight		1
I love downloading 1.7 gb games on the crappiest wifi known to man		1
I love when I get a DM and then I find out its spam.		1
I love it when my plans don't happennn😬🙅		1
Death Valley literally feels like death rn		1
Babysitting by myself. Yayy👎		1
Eating my cheerios then heading to sleep for work tomorrow.. WILD SATURDAY NIGHT. 😂		1
Gosh. Im just so good at golf.		1
Homecoming sounds like its gonna be so fun		1
Duane thank he know the whole movie		1
I'm sooo bored! Listening to my cousins and mums conversations! Really intresting!		1
i had so much fun last night		1
It doesn't get any classier than Columbus		1
I'm cool cause I tweet about beer and Bon fires and getting drunk and partying and smoking.		1
2 Large assignments degree standard to be in within 10 days and 28 hours of work from tomorrow into next week		1
Thanks for trying. I appreciate it.		1
Watching baseball right now		1
Tipped my dirtbike over backwards today and it felt real good		1
Yeah cause sitting at a bar with a buncha drunks when you're underage is SOO fun.		1
2 1/2 hours of sleep. Yay. Gotta love an early flight.		1
Love being ignored tho !		1
Had a tournament then went to open gym. I kinda like volleyball 😏		1
Lost two really good friends in a year damn I'm on a role		1
Cleaning out storage units that don't belong to me is awesome!		1
In bed for the night and not coming out of my room . I have the life lol		1
Love dealing with a flooded basement on a Saturday		1
Great end to a great day.		1
Just love it when you act like I don't exist...		1
Gotta learn to stop being so nice to people who couldn't give a shit about me.		1
Keep on running the ball. It's working so well right now		1
My Facebook app is really good at telling me when people chat me :):):)		1
LSU. Best receiving corps in the SEC. Clearly.		1
love spending all weekend studying		1
Feeling like a princess today👑		1
Sorry about all the butthole snap chats last night guys		1
I can't wait for Marvel to get their grubby hands on "I Know That Voice" and replace all of Josh Keaton's scenes with Drake Bell.		1
That's a way to take advantage of a turnover PSU		1
and Lewan is gone. sweet. just fantastic.		1
What a wonderful way to end my shift :)		1
Thank you for texting me back 😂		1
Trading TDs for FGs. Good plan Sark.		1
Yay gotta love being in high school		1
Oh yeah its cool just leave that's really cool...		1
So happy my dad believes me.		1
This is exactly what i wanna do on my saturday night		1
Can someone order stuff for me for my birthday? 😂😂😂 I can't promise that I am in anyway attractive but at least I'm funny 😂😂😂		1
On my brothers birthday,I'm gonna give him a snake🐍. He's going to love me forever		1
Today has just been fantastic.		1
Cool hand sign wild cats.		1
Getting cleated is always fun		1
I'm never driving a mechanical car ever again in my entire life!		1
Well this weekend is turning out great		1
Oh yeah sure..ill work a double shift, I was gonna study but hey im not planning on graduating anyways!!		1
Looks like the Cardinals won again, now let's see how Theo's former team that he had no hand in assembling does tonight		1
Oh good, a potential Michigan comeback and Millen on the call. Glad I turned this on.		1
Loving these constant headaches 😕		1
Good way to start the half.		1
Puig gets the golden sombrero by going 0-4 with 4 strikeouts. Definitely looks like he shoulda been an All Star to me…		1
Going to a restaurant with a dress code that I was informed of an hour ago. Glad I packed appropriately for this		1
I feel sorry for gay state I mean K State fans		1
I love that is starts getting dark at 7pm now.		1
I just love fighting with you.		1
I love sitting on a warm toilet seat in a public bathroom.		1
Really no Race Day! Another reason Fox1 disappoints. I am really trying to give them a chance.		1
I love it when people hashtag tag every fucking word in the english language. Its awesome. Good job people. You aren't cunts at all		1
squidward just called spongebob and patrick boobs hahahahahahaha		1
I just love how oomf randomly stops texting me.		1
I love being scheduled into work at 7am		1
Glad I wasted my time on you, and actually believed you, again.		1
I love being alone 😊		1
Olive Garden for lunch &amp; BDubs for dinner...I am so healthy! ✌️		1
Just another wonderful topper to a great day		1
Wow youre definitely like my brother		1
LOL well thats nice of you..		1
Thank you for letting me vent and then stopping me before I could get to the part I wanted to say most. I feel so much better.		1
Lovely weather we're having.....		1
Some fabulous CGI at the end of the Ugly Truth!		1
Had a nice dinner at Buffalo Wild Wings by myself...kind of enjoying this airport life		1
Why did u just do that😂😂		1
Thanks to whomever is hacking my twitter 🙅		1
Great feeling knowing one of your friendships went to shit.		1
Not even 24 hours of being home and moving small things and my room is no longer my room...		1
Stood up by 4 different people today, feels fucking awesome		1
Your life is headed in the right direction.		1
Work at 7am tomorrow, totally forgot		1
totally glad I did nothing with this long weekend		1
I &lt;3 playing half a game but being stuck at the field all day		1
Grocery shoppin and gettin a movie tonight ny myself.		1
Sometimes I'm a bitch! Today is one of those days!		1
Why yes I DO think it's fair that all my midterms are next Tuesday. Why do you ask?		1
Formation in less than an hour. Gotta love formation.		1
Siena is crazy this weekend		1
😳 being home alone and hearing noises is sooo fun....		1
Sure got a smart cashier at Walmart!		1
Being forgotten is always great		1
studying and being sick on my thanksgiving weekend is the best		1
I get some really classy people at work		1
What a fun homecoming		1
Thank you hives I really appreciate you...		1
Looks like it's gonna be another night of being wide awake again		1
just the way i wanted to spend my night...		1
Oh yay Joe Buck.		1
Finally got some good beer. can't believe Busch Stadium didn't serve it.		1
I just love how someone likes to hack my twitter !		1
I love getting one word answers....		1
I love throwing away 10+ pizzas &amp; more every day. Take that famine! +1 for America &amp; greed yeah!!!		1
Love spending my last Saturday night of freedom doing nothing		1
I see where i stand. Thanks.		1
Wow you can't even make time to go eat dinner with me anymore!!!		1
I love my parents, I mean they gave me a curfew of 9pm on a Saturday night. How could I not love them		1
Inflamed tendon in my foot... I wonder if today can get any better.		1
I'm glad you care about my feelings		1
Feeling the love tonight		1
Now that I have worked for a while all I really want to do is go babysit until midnight!		1
Yes mom I would love to watch NASCAR with you...		1
Always fun losing your debit card :)		1
I just love when I jump off of a chair and land on a tack		1
Now I seem to be developing a cough.		1
Anti homecoming movie night with my dawg. Turn up.		1
Look at Miguel Cabrera clogging up the bases		1
Well this is a fun Saturday night 😄		1
Yep. Feelin the love.		1
The Flyers going to the dump and change tactic on the Powerplay is really smart! It works all the time, keep doing it!		1
I love having a 104.3 fever 😊		1
Seriously spending my fall break sitting at home...alone? Uh oh, watch out! Getting crazy 😂		1
Here's hoping he keeps pronouncing it san-CHEZ for the rest of the game		1
Id rather stay home instead of have fun anyways		1
G is on his way to the Rocket Richard Trophy!		1
This is so much fun		1
Oh my goodness I'm turnt up.		1
That's cool haven't heard from you all day after i sent you a paragraph of a message 👌 nice		1
One slice of bread for dinner this is a perfect recipe for a great Saturday night		1
I am so not a normal 24 year old!! It's Saturday night and I have it off and I feel like doing nothing		1
Gibbons is the man		1
Nothing says cleanliness like the Arizona State Fair		1
I love when people text me "roll tide"		1
At home by myself is such a good way to spend my Saturday night (:		1
My Saturday is just crazy good		1
Nothing makes you happier about a win than a little Miley being played over the PA afterwards...		1
Penn State chanting "We are....Penn State!". I could have sworn you were just Penn.		1
Hi I'm corey gerardot and I'm so tough and I love fires		1
Pro scouts are all over Michigan's kicker this game. Hah		1
Hey sir..cool glow fingers		1
Very impressive display of kicking in this Penn State Michigan game!!!		1
I love it when people complain to me about how expensive Starbucks is after they ask me where I work		1
Oh nooo not Johnny Football..		1
My night is so great...		1
You guys give such great advice		1
Great game michigan! They were unstoppable		1
Michigan Lost? Oh that's too bad		1
Great way to end it		1
Sooooo glad my phone only works when it wants to..		1
Penn state only needs 2 more wins for a bowl game!!		1
When people open ur snapchats but don't reply -_-		1
I love when my twitter gets hacked!		1
It felt like it was coming after all of the close calls. Michigan could easily be 3-3 or worse right now.		1
I just love being ignored☺️		1
What?! Penn Wagers calling a personal foul against Bama. Shock!!		1
Giroux two years ago. B. Schenn now. Simmonds has to go!		1
My mom makes me feel like such a disappointment		1
This kid is giving Sarah great compliments😂		1
Good to know my mom, sister, and her boyfriend enjoyed listening to me yell at the TV. Really happy I can entertain them!		1
Frisbe at Watertown high is the freezing cold👍		1
I'm so exited to go home &amp;&amp; go to sleep.		1
and my phone is broken..		1
That's a great feeling		1
I love not talking to you. 😔		1
Been with my man all day..got to meet A LOT of people at his fam reunion! I was runnin' on 3 hours of sleep.		1
Gee. Crosby better not score 4 goals tonight. That would be disrespectful.		1
Águilas for the win!		1
They should make a rule where players can't move faster than jog. That way players don't pull their hamstrings. It'll be safer.		1
Such an exciting night!!		1
Can't wait to go to work at 530 am on a Sunday ...		1
Well that's another loss, but it hope we won the Corsi battle		1
That Matt Scherzer interview was riveting.		1
like I love feeling left out, best feeling 😍		1
No more What's next no more WIC? Oh, wait. That already happen.		1
This has been an awesome day.		1
That makes me feel really good.		1
Cake for dinner yay		1
No Saturday night life for me		1
Things on the agenda for tonight. 1.Nothing 2.Sit here and eat blue bell all night. 3.Buy more blue bell.		1
"Why don't we have a game of riddles? Just you and me." Because there are other people with you and Gollum right now.		1
I just love feeling left out!!		1
And again. So excited for a another sleepless night.		1
If 2 guys walk in somewhere and all 3 are wearing blue and they are not gang related what's it make them.. Hmmmm		1
I just love my life !!!		1
Or don't answer my text....lol		1
Love the fact that I was up for work at 6 this morning and I'm only just getting into my bed now.		1
Lol just love being a second option		1
Anxiety is a really fun thing to have		1
How mature you are...		1
So weird Crosby had a hat trick tonight.........		1
Remember when Big Papi was the best " hitter in baseball!?		1
So I get to stay home and do absolutely nothing tonight.. what about you?		1
They are so cute.		1
So Saddd to c the BUFFS losing		1
My favorite thing ever is when people don't text me back..		1
feeling the love thanks		1
..........what a great birthday		1
When she doesn't text back		1
I love how Im always at home on the weekends		1
Lost my car and got no girl		1
wow isn't that so cute 🙊		1
Greatest homecoming weekend ever....		1
This is so fun...		1
Wow, great camera work so far, ESPNU.		1
I just love when my cousin come over when I'm not home and trash my room!		1
Man I love getting on a social website to see how my family is doing.		1
I love working Saturday nights...		1
it's safe to say that miss state should be ranked 1st in the nation because we just beat bowling green by point. we are truly amazing 1		1
Oilers almost made themselves look half decent tonight.		1
I love how my sister texts me back.		1
Bed with hector singing us to sleep		1
wow such a great friend		1
Yup.. Gonna get no sleep tonight.		1
wow my saturday night is going great...		1
Highlight of my highschool football game today: kicker kicked the ball into the stands...yepp, thats my que to leave.		1
Love me some Johnny football!!		1
Great pinch hitting there Carp and Saltalamacchia		1
i have theeee bessssst friends omg.		1
Haven't eaten since like 1. It's not like I'm hungry or anything like that 😒		1
Damn I have good friends.		1
LOL I just pissed Bj off. Oops.		1
No edit, but yet a ton of make up? Oh that makes sense.		1
Gotta deal with this again...hurrah		1
Nah ain't happening! 💁		1
So glad i got to spend Time with you..		1
I enjoy our long talks		1
What a wonderful day		1
Exams may be over but school still exists. Oh the joy of life...		1
What a good friend		1
Ste Rose is a blast...		1
Lord of the Flies is on! Yes! Such good memories.		1
Love how I dont get to hang out with the friends I always hang out with...		1
I always come home with splatters of custard all over my arms after work		1
Wow didn't see that coming		1
Thanks for that acknowledgement of my existence :D		1
Can't wait for this 14 hour travel to Cambodia		1
I love kings island		1
Oh, forgot to mention I won't be able to see or even text him for the next 3 days because of hunting. Love havin hunting out before me..		1
Don't you just love when somebody reads your message and they don't text back... 😒		1
Don't you just love it when drunk people call you from inside the stadium with shitty reception? I do		1
My night keeps on getting better and better.		1
Donny Boy Kelly		1
Ah I love being awake at this time on a sunday. Especially after a night of lovely dreams		1
So pumped to work 6am tomorrow		1
What a great weekend off....		1
Car officially broke down		1
Great start to fall break...		1
Think im getting sick... Lovely		1
My phone is constantly blowing up		1
Thanks for being there for me. I'll be sure to be there for you next time.		1
Exactly how I wanted to spend my fucking night.		1
Glad we talked today.		1
I supposedly gave up drinking.... Pahahaha		1
Oh...... what a surprise....... benoit blew the no hitter.......		1
I love feeling like shit all the time.		1
Cuz who doesn't want that?		1
Light bulb is burnt out, so dad buys a new lamp		1
Meh... Weird mood.. Long night ahead I'm assuming. Yay...		1
Love when plans fall through......		1
sitting at home on a Saturday night. &gt;&gt;		1
What a fun Saturday night.		1
Time sure flys when you're having fun at work		1
Fucking great. Just spilled something all over my phone, now it's messed up. Just awesome. Haha.		1
Thanks for the invite!		1
Notebook is my fucking life or anything. Not at all. Nope. Doesn't rip my heart out to see it or anything.		1
Home alone on a Saturday.		1
I love liars haha		1
Omg tired eyes up n getting ready 2 leave 4 feel poorly 2 snotty nose n coughing😷I'm gonna b fun 2day		1
Thank you for keeping your promise, it really means a lot.		1
Every girl loves getting hit on by creepy older guys		1
Too many choices for one night....		1
Most cartoons have zero black characters. Ain't that swell		1
What a real fucking friend.		1
When he says he'll text you later and then doesn't..		1
I'm ready for the weekend...		1
CLint just asked me if I was sick because they said "he couldn't get good wood on it" on Espn and I didn't laugh lmao		1
well that was fun		1
Why can't people stay out of my room? Just leave my shit alone! Thanks for breaking stuff. I couldn't be happier!		1
Hooray! I get to work graveyard!		1
The best part about after homecoming is trying to find all the bobby pins in your hair!!✌️😝		1
Well that was fab.		1
I just LOVE it so much when the power goes out... :p		1
Being ignored is the best		1
Well this is fun....		1
I just love when my back hurts😔		1
😱Oh no so scaryyyyy		1
Timmy's gunna be proud		1
I suppose I'd better get that marking done, seeing as I'm awake. Then I can look forward to a huge endorphine rush when I've finished.		1
JUST how I wanted to end such a good day 👏		1
Yeah right, u missed me sooo much.		1
well this is awesome		1
1st to kneel w/ helmet off, showing respect 4 injured teammates or opponents alike. Leading team in prayer. What a		1
Good to see that the cheerleaders showed up tonight		1
Of course an anonymous letter must be true.		1
What a great freakin Saturday night.		1
tonight couldnt have gone any better		1
Yeah eating whatever you want ain't giving you a double chin at all		1
I love when I can't fall asleep at night		1
Yeah your weave look real as hell, I thought it was yours....		1
Yeah I give a Fuck if you stop talking to me cause your the reason I live I get life from you....		1
Okay let's favorite every single one of my tweets.		1
This is just perfect...		1
U live in the suburbs but go to ONE truck pull and call yourself a country girl?		1
Well it's official! I'm older than dirt!! Lol it's all down hill from here!		1
Baseball and homework tkmorrow!		1
That was smart of me.		1
I have to cook pizza all day tomorrow. Hooray.		1
Biodiversity surely has nothing 2 do with d hills.Roads/ "development" will have zero impact on ecology &amp; quality of life		1
but i love coming back to my dorm sober....		1
What a great night.		1
What a fun Saturday night 😑		1
Headaches are always great!		1
Yeeeah thats definitley my plan.		1
Good morning......wow let's prepare for this "wonderful" lunch		1
Ok hoenstly id be ok if i left without them thinking im weird.		1
Don't you just love it when someone lies to you and all you can think is 'you really think I'm that stupid?'		1
Sneezed 5 times in the last thirty minutes		1
Oh I love how back and forth you can be		1
Cause going to the airport 3 hours before our flight leaves makes so much sense mom		1
Got to love sleepless nights!		1
Looks like a fun driving day tomorrow.		1
well that was a fun game. I just love being freezing cold, watching my team lose, and having loud people talk loudly behind me.		1
Its really friggen cool hearing people say shit about ya while you're in the other room....................		1
Thanks for including me too.		1
never coming back to philly. Thanks police service		1
Yeah starting work at half 5 on a Sunday morning day after my birthday and few drinks		1
Firecrackers at a midtown party.		1
Great having both the kids wake up at 1:40 is just what I wanted.		1
My favorite part of wedding dances is coming home soaked in beer		1
LUCKILY someone tweeted about it and I double checked online. Other wise I'd have had no idea. Thanks.		1
DONT PANIC Im Just disappointed		1
Ooooh ! A hitchhiker on redwood, let's pick her up !		1
I would hate to be made fun of cause I'm skinny		1
Waking up scared af is always a good ass time.		1
Buzzing for this long drive to Portsmouth		1
spent my whole holidays playing playstation, eating junk food &amp; sleeping. very productive		1
The player never likes it when there the one being played ... Can't help myself		1
Officially 4 a.m. and I am just now getting into bed... Wut.		1
Raining and windy for football. Just what ya want.		1
My bones ache now and I haven't even started work today yet 😩 should be for a good day		1
Getting home from work at 4am		1
Getting up to get on a plane at 4:00 is exactly how I want to spend my last morning of fall break		1
and now I have a headache because of you guys.		1
Yeah. Feeling really loved right now.		1
I love Sunday mornings		1
Sleep time then fuckin bag skate at 11:30 so pumped		1
Love being chucked oot Kittys		1
Love a 10 hour Sunday shift!		1
Date sebangsa lak tu. Damn man, u missin on some rare pussy		1
I love when all the little pieces from girls' cholis pop out and I step on them while doing garba!!!		1
Now a day full of homework and revision		1
Meant to be up almost 2 hours ago...that worked out well		1
Why is it that when I'm single all of my friends have boyfriends.		1
I am thankful we have washers and dryers in our shop over here.		1
Dead brain cells...unable to think...should quit smoking		1
Oh cool, I'm sick		1
Ill on a Sunday, might as well get out the boxsets for tomorrow. Oh, wait, standardised assessments		1
Rewiring a organ after a rat has lived happily in it for a few years = umm		1
What a beautiful day! 😕		1
man i'm so glad typos are a thing		1
Boys are gross :/		1
Only going to bed now, the joys of shift work		1
Yyyaasss can't wait to work another 11hr shift 😬		1
So apparently it's going to snow in 2 weeks &amp; Britain are bracing for a record coldest winter		1
Angry outbursts, moaning at umpires, falling over...my dear Novak what on earth could be wrong with you		1
Who makes up these so called days!		1
Good weather for the duathalon this morning		1
I just love having 8a.m. games...		1
6am and I'm ready to babysit!!!		1
What a beautiful day!!		1
Our government doesn't know what to do so they just shutdown.		1
Well today should be fun		1
Ughhh I'm spending about 6 hours with people that beg for my money. Fun.		1
Your timing is impeccable.		1
In other news, I was extremely interested to open a Sky News link saying that a tarantula the size of a human face has been discovered.		1
No dad that's ok you can shower even though I have to be at work in a half hour.....		1
I dont know if putting salt on a mouth olcer was really worth it		1
Wow, you're so helpful and caring and obviously care about my future		1
I'm thankful for this cold.		1
Good to see Cardiff's Lions players really showing their class!!!		1
Well that 3 hour sleep was nice		1
Just read the Bieber incident article. The guy is an angry little prick!? Who knew!?		1
Welllllll today should be tons O fun..		1
I find wrk vry entertaining today		1
Ohhh so you're telling me you had fun? That you were so wasted? Tell me more about it!!! I wanna know how it feels like.		1
I love when grad schemes ask for 300+ UCAS points. Afterall, my knowledge and abilities haven't changed at all in 4 years		1
Nice to hear from you		1
Its no bra day... how exciting. ... yayyyy		1
Hour and a half late for work.		1
That moment when you feel like an idiot.		1
Literally just saw a dead motorcyclist's body on the Whitestone expressway. Nice way to start the day		1
Ugh. Feel like crap and I have to drive back to JMU.		1
Is there sunlight outside? Wow.		1
So excited to work all day		1
Thank you weather, for ruining my outfit plans!		1
This 8 hour shift that I'm about to have seems like so much fun right now!		1
Hurray for tomorrow. Payday Monday! Excited much.		1
Great way to start the day!		1
5 hours of sleep..... this is awesome..		1
Getting a retweet from leeds legend habib habibou has brightened my day up!		1
Gas bill increasing by £3 per month....water bill decreasing by £5 per month. £2 profit!!!		1
Eddie Guerrero is baaaaaaack.		1
Well I feel like crap today.		1
Nothing better than getting sick right in time for your birthday.		1
It's funny to hear that I'm yours but it's more ridiculous to say that you're mine.		1
I wanted to go to church, glad you tried to wake me up		1
My eyes hurt from crying so much!		1
I love waking up early on Sundays to work a full shift.		1
Opening is so much fun		1
I got in trouble for you but you won't stand up for me...I've got such great friends		1
Off to a wedding..haha solid weekend		1
Funny because I didn't do anything for you to hate me. You're just a fucking bitch and think you're so much better than everyone else.		1
Ok I take it back ..the infant is at least 3. Makes it a bit more acceptable ...		1
Gunna be a grreatt birthday cann already tell...		1
It's finally fall! The weather report says it won't go above 85 for the next ten days!		1
I'm 21.4, so this is a perfect time to eat chocolate donuts.		1
I just love being woken up early......		1
Our sound system is dying quickly this weekend. Who could have seen this coming?		1
If you have a good night out be sure to take 200 pictures to prove it!		1
Waking up with a sore throat is the best!		1
Cayden is devouring a whole bag of popcorn.. Cool kid, what a breakfast 😒		1
Going to work when I'm sick and tired		1
At work on a Sunday afternoon. Just what I want to be doing!		1
This weekend has just been fantastic..		1
Brining my dad to the ER &amp; then working is exactly how I wanted to spend my Sunday.		1
My head hurts 😩 now I have to go play 2 games. This should be fun		1
You're screwed! Good luck!		1
Another day of cleaning out this stupid tree line..		1
Really wish I was at Weston Beach Race today .... BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH		1
I have so many followers on instagram		1
Oh, I love doing homework ♡		1
What a beautiful weather...		1
Wonder if Vettel actually won an race for once today?		1
I am thankful for this cold I woke up with...		1
Really do love people		1
When you're wrapped in blankets and your dad rips out the bottom one leaving you cold &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;....		1
Doing assignment work! What a fun weekend this has been! :)		1
So glad we got a reading week in uni! Lovely week off for 'reading'		1
Glad to see the football team appreciates us...		1
Oh you two have been dating for a week? Tell me more about how in love you are.		1
Well lastnight was fun		1
Sick, totally not feeling well. All alone on thanksgiving, and have 3 hockey games to play. Amazing right?		1
Wish I could go to Alabama.for a.few days just to see everyone		1
"I'm full of the Lord!"		1
Gutted for Johnny wilkinson -		1
I hate the end of the six weeks... all I get to do today is study and read. yay!		1
Love that I come home to a smelly kitchen with mildew in the sink.		1
The bravery of some people is unreal		1
So excited for a very non-stressful week!		1
A just came from the passed out guy in the bathroom. Bus us driving. Stench is growing.		1
Gots school tomorrow! So excited		1
Yaaaay. Passing Out While Cooking Is Fuuuun.		1
2 hours of sleep last night was more than enough to make it through this day 😞😴		1
Yea I had so much fun with my "friends" this weekend /s		1
have to go to school tomorrow cause i'm so in love with school		1
I love waking up to text messages from Jalen calling me nappy 😊		1
But i also can't wait knowing I'll be left out of something I was always a part of.		1
I just love when my dad wakes me up with his stupid duck calls 😒		1
And now I'm throwing up.		1
Wow some guys really know how to win a girl over		1
John McCain is on the Face the Nation? Such a rare appearance for him. He's usually so shy and retiring.		1
Working on my day off is my FAVORITE!!!		1
This day just keeps getting better!		1
Emergency doctors telling me to go to the hospital just to tell me to do what I already was doing		1
I love people that say one thing and do another.		1
Gotta love working on Sundays		1
Headache and nausea. My two favorite things.		1
I love it when my alarm doesn't go off...it just makes me so happy.		1
I guess finally knowing what it could have been makes me better.		1
awh you matched last night, so cute😂😂		1
I'm looking hot today.		1
Awesome. Great start to my morning		1
I have so many friends that ask me to go out that I feel bad choosing just one so I stay home instead		1
Worked over night, slept all day been awake 5minutes and it's time for work again..love my life!!		1
New my dad wuld b happy to c me a hour earlier then expected		1
Texas A&amp;M beating a .500 team by 3 and letting them score 38 really showed me they deserved to be ranked ahead of UofL		1
Oh and its the week of my birthday. Fantastic.		1
Working on thanksgiving really makes me happy ..		1
Thanks for always being on time.		1
Idc what you think, I'm posting a lot of pictures this week.		1
Happiness, where can I buy it?		1
Wanna see a action packed game of football put on sky sports 1		1
I love when I tell you I dislike something and you continue to do it anyways..		1
Love planes, the 10cm leg room is such a bonus.		1
"You're such a bitch" thanks gramma		1
At least I was able to pick up a tight end this week		1
Wow motorcyclist ...revving your engine makes you sound soOo cool		1
Got to love the british weather		1
Ok. So we clearly aren't even going to be friends? Awesome.		1
Was a cab driver last night... thinking I've found my calling		1
Gum boots and cowboy hats :S yes, if I squint n look beyond d absurdity of it all, I may just believe u are d sheep guru u think u are		1
I have to spend this Friday morning in the hospital wooo		1
That makes me feel greaaaaaaat		1
this is exactly how i was hopin this day was gonna go,		1
So instead of having water like I should, I had squirt...great choice!		1
Lost my learners certificate		1
Hey breaking news .. It's a must win for the Steelers today.		1
Having a pretty successful year in fantasy football. 0-5 in one account and 1-4 in the other		1
I just love being stressed out about EVERYTHING		1
Football in this weather should be a laugh...		1
That makes me feel 10 times better...		1
I just love little kid birthday parties.		1
Ah, nothin' like a bunch of 7 year olds on roller skates to make your Sunday simply sing.		1
Woke up and instantly puked...great start to my day		1
Um so we have Boomer Esiason and Solomon Wilcotts in booth calling game? Two former Bengals? I look forward to their unbiased opinions		1
Yo' girl wants pizza🍕👅 shocker right!?		1
Band from the the top club, there's a shame		1
Best kind of shit to wake up too😒		1
Well that just makes my day sooo much better		1
I love waking up early .. 😒		1
Bored out ma mind... Mums snoring and I'm watching four weddings, this is the life		1
Woohoo, going to work		1
Good defending from the Ravens		1
This weekend just keeps getting better and better.		1
...THIS IS THE LIFE!		1
I just love the fact that I don't get to watch the lions play today!		1
Great throw by Cassell!!		1
I love being stuck at home all day.		1
Always nice getting sick...		1
If only I could express how hurt my feelings are....😂😂		1
Great blocking as usual...		1
The flu is such a great thing		1
Of course my dad is at the bar		1
Thad Lewis only needs five minutes to do what Tom Brady couldn't last week and score a TD on the Bengals.		1
Nice seeing one of top fantasy receivers limping off the field.		1
Please blame Schaub for that one guys -_______-		1
Is the Walking Dead on tonight? I haven't heard anything about it.		1
are back to good clock management.		1
Work allll dayyy		1
Nothing like spending hrs of time at work, not being paid! Good thing Teachers are over paid		1
Going to Grandparents house!		1
Eating lunch and I'm overhearing a lady talk poorly about her church. Sure makes me want to go there.		1
Work on Sundays, Yay!		1
Man, the Browns sure have some sure handed receivers..		1
Your a great 'best friend' aint you		1
10 hours down and only 2 to go!! Can't wait to come back to work tomorrow		1
That's more like it.		1
Feeling like I got hit by a bus 🚌		1
Thanks for throwing that in my face, I really appreciate it		1
Whole Foods on a Sunday		1
my mom cares about how i feel		1
I have to write about someone I have mixed feelings about. I don't have mixed feelings about anyone.		1
Dress shopping today for homecoming. My favorite thing ever!!		1
Can you get any more original?		1
I just love it when people talk about me		1
I have the best luck in the entire world😑		1
Going to rake leaves because it's the only way my mom will pay for my acrylic nails😒 ugh!		1
I love coming home from church to find out that my parents locked me out of the house.		1
Oh no there is an EBT food stamp card glitch and the freeloaders aren't able to get their free groceries. What awful news.		1
Arrowhead is so loud....		1
Weeden's INT is like a good punt inside the 20, right?		1
Thoughts and prayers go out to those aren't able to acesss the funds on their EBT card today.		1
Ogbannaya is 25 and McGahee is 26. Oh my God how can I tell the difference?		1
Wow I've been eating so healthy lately		1
Proper good night, watching Corrie and x-Factor		1
What a loyal best friend you are		1
Thermodynamics is by far the most interesting thing that has happened to me		1
Yay I love liars...		1
Man the holiday inn on the weekends is a packed house		1
S/O to Canyon for having school tomorrow.		1
Standing outside waiting to board a plane..doesn't get much better than this.		1
midterm warnings are always a sign of success.		1
Ponder can do that....		1
Aren't you just a little ray of sunshine?		1
This packer game is real exciting		1
2nd and 1? Let's pass. 3rd and 1? Let's pass. Cause that makes sense.		1
so I probably have to go the rest of October without a cell phone...		1
I love smelling like kitchen lol		1
The fine folks of Anderson are such a joy to deal with		1
When they decline your calls&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
Yay I love when we only have 9 players that show up to the game.		1
Hyped for his wedding		1
God the packers just look so good right now		1
Watching my bros soccer game from inside the truck how fun		1
Don't you just love being remembered &amp; invited to stuff by friends?		1
Really? You're going to continue to walk away every time I get congratulated? Thanks for being supportive.		1
A Raven taking an offensive players knee out? How unheard of.		1
writing a five paper on politics is going be so much fun, I love politics!		1
What an exciting first half!!!!		1
It's so nice feeling like your second option.		1
... and guess what? I know what THIS one means too- !		1
Flag football day...		1
Just realising that in 10 hrs I will most probably be in work makes me so happy		1
Boy I sure do love Wadesboro		1
Buzzing to sit in the walking centre all night		1
What a nice day for football💧💦		1
Hospital next week and also dentist what fun		1
C'mon Texans there is still time!		1
It's ok. The Packers always make better half time adjustments than their opponents		1
Wow I'm so attracted to guys that wear jeans shorts as capris.		1
I love working when I'm exhausted.		1
It's a good day for a rehearsal...		1
didnt eat for 24 hours. thanks dad.		1
First turnover! Best defense!		1
Really nice to know you care 😊		1
Looks like we gotta go with Yates. Man, I really wanted to see Schaub finish this game!😂		1
Nice tackle attempt by Ward		1
Time to bring in David something or other.		1
Thank you for all your help.		1
Last night antics were unreal total laugh		1
Close games in Minnesota...and Houston.		1
I send the cuttest snapchats lol.		1
Cannot sleep.....lucky me I have school tomorrow and some shitty math test,hurray!!!!!!		1
Mr. Carey love reffing Raider games.		1
Woo just did yard work for 3 hours. Sunday funday		1
I hope your parents are proud of the overwhelming amount of class you exhibited today.		1
'for people who spit blood when they brush their teeth' is literally one of the worst slogans ever		1
I love driving in the rain.		1
So that decision to isolate Cape Town and route all international flights via Joburg has been a roaring success.		1
Italian Exuberant Baroque, Spanish Netherlands Baroque, French Classicist Baroque, Rococo, English Anti-Rococo.		1
Just locked my keys in my car...		1
Sure am glad Ray Rice was my keeper this year		1
Next time I go to a party I will also wear my ucsb alumni sweater, so people can know I went there.		1
Packers need to ditch the pass and do what is working, run!		1
Wow! You guys sound really in love. You should totally market that story to Nicholas Sparks.		1
Man the Texans are really showing out👏		1
Great play call by Pittsburgh!		1
Had much work done, cher?		1
Homework and thesis writing blows as much as this game.		1
Parents are actually gunna make me eat vegtables with dinner-.-		1
Please continue to tell me how the Vikings should bench Ponder.		1
Wow, that makes me feel good. I appreciate that.		1
I'm soooooo glad I had to park a mile away from the mall entrance		1
Your tweets are so deep		1
Aw I look like an ogre wow thanks that one kinda hurt		1
He Probably Got The Jokes From Google Or Some'ing ( -_-)		1
Really proud for my texans. Good game guys!		1
lol my art teacher loves me		1
I just love finding random bruises on my body.		1
Random drunk people are paying more attention to me than my own boyfriend... 😔		1
Parents are in cali, been home alone for 2 days... Woke up this morning with my bedroom door wide open...		1
I'm glad my teachers respond to my emails		1
Emma is too happy to work with me today		1
I mean we won last week we shouldn't be upset.		1
Yikes terrel is sick		1
Great time to fall apart defense		1
Jeez... Love week on Strictly this week, now Love and Heartache week on Xfactor next week!! Bloody brilliant!		1
Wow that was a great play.		1
Having the "I don't like cake" conversation never gets old		1
Well this weekend just keeps getting better and better		1
Love the fact that Fauria is sat on my Dynasty bench		1
Monday tomorrow - get it		1
It's easy to understand why would have no interest in Josh Freeman		1
This mom on This show just told his son that she doesn't care what he does, good or bad, as long as he's happy.		1
Insiduous 2 is amazing for all those people who hate scary movies...Honestly, you'll probably cry laughing than anything else		1
I always dress to impress when going to the library		1
Even though the ticket paid for the seat, I only need the EDGE!!!!		1
Fearne Cotton's back on Radio1. Hell yeah!		1
Yayyy. Watching movies all day by myself. What a great freakin dayy.		1
Thanks for your support on Facebook, gma.		1
The moment when you realize your mother doesn't support your right to make decisions about your life.		1
I love the non-stop yelling		1
Love spending thanksgiving at the plex		1
sick, glad i started the texans defense this week		1
oh man....i really could i can get into my two 150 person student teaching sections when i register in november......		1
I heard Ryan Fitzpatrick is really good......		1
Oh yes, perfect timing mother nature!		1
Your really trying aren't ya?		1
Sorry that I don't like to text all day.		1
Back to dieting and working out tomorrow		1
I love coming home to find no one here.		1
Wow great execution boys!!		1
When people ask if I'm ready to get my braces off, I'm just like no, I've liked having them on for 6 years of my life.		1
Ooo how I just love being ignored all the time		1
Im so glad I have talked to you today!		1
Soo them panthers think they nice		1
Love it when my computer shuts down when I'm half way through a test...		1
Did the chiefs win?		1
After a weekend away from campus, I am welcomed back with homework.		1
This was exactly how I wanted to spend my four day weekend		1
The Games rap career is down the drain with his YMCMB signing. Great move...		1
I love when a group project is due the next day and you're the only one that did any work. And no one is responding to emails.		1
Mm cereal without milk		1
I just love feeling worthless.		1
Highlight of the Day: Cleaning puke off the ground with Neal and Kishan.		1
Lost again .. Defiantly an exciting moment		1
Off to Cigar Palace we go!		1
Can't wait to get back to work tomorrow.		1
why must you be closed today, farmers market? No pumpkin carving for me.		1
Shannon Sharpe sounds drunk. And it's interesting he's calling the Broncos game. I don't think he's biased at all		1
On the flip side, this new Chief Keef mixtape "Almighty So" is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened to hip-hop/rap.		1
So this Asian guy thought I was Asian...that NEVER happens!		1
It's fine, Italy. I didn't wanna watch the Walking Dead premier anyway		1
I might tune into c4 + and watch again, just incase i missed anything first time round 1		1
My grandma asks my grandpa if he brought the mattress up stairs &amp; he reply's with no I threw them out the window 🙊😂		1
Thanks for being such a great "friend"		1
So 5th wheeling yesterday was fun		1
this is a really good mid-term paper....		1
Great way to end the weekend.		1
There's nothing I enjoy more than wasting my time!!!		1
Looks like we won't be doing anything for a while.		1
Who needs friends when you have homework to keep you entertained? 😒		1
Happy I benched Larry Fitzgerald today due to that hamstring "setback".		1
On a happier note, I am thoroughly enjoying the Asian banter about the computer game being played in the lounge right now.		1
Well my 3 day weekend has consisted of absolutely nothing...		1
No plans tonight... Now I have to help out with my little sisters birthday party.. funnnn😐		1
Flat hunting/viewing…feel so grown up		1
I love when my train gets delayed…		1
I just love being ignored.		1
Seems that Father Dearest is in a wonderful mood today.		1
thank you parents for backing me up		1
Bike cost 67 dollars to fix this weekend, good thing I'm made of money.		1
Glad I benched Larry Fitz cause of all the reports that it looked like he wasn't going to play.		1
hey broncos fans...john Elway isn't walking through that door!		1
I REALLY LOVE FLYING INTO ATLANTA. NOTHING WRONG HAPPENS EVER		1
Lol i love the drama. College.experience.		1
Delighted to see that Frieze art fair is encouraging 'everyone' to engage with contemporary art by charging minimal ticket prices.		1
what a legend of a day		1
If bitches got something to say then they need to say it to my face not wave out of a window		1
Well that went great		1
Thanks Papa John's for your giant cookie, I was worried about your food being too healthy and the lack of diabetes in the country.		1
Back to reality..... Psych test tomorrow! Should be fun		1
&amp; my car wants to fuck up too so I'm just really winning right now		1
I just love my job.		1
I love almost passing out after I go on a roller coaster		1
Wow peyton manning threw a yd touchdown pass, never seen that before 1		1
You know the new neighbors must be awesome when the cops have been there twice &amp; they haven't lived there for a full week yet.		1
being thrown under the bus is the best thing ever!🚍		1
Im home at 10:40 tomorrow		1
Double Pe in the morning can't wait!		1
Attempted kidnapping suspect in the Bronx is a Hispanic male with his eyebrows done and a Yankee hat...should be pretty easy to find		1
Thank you so much for ruining my day...I've been waiting		1
I LOVE having an alcoholic father!		1
Great weekend over. Looking forward to work tomorrow....		1
What a brilliant end to the day! Last minute chemistry after painful 7 hours at work :/		1
I love when my family gangs up and makes of me for how how dumb I am		1
MJD with a TD and he's on my bench!		1
At least my fantasy team showed up		1
party can start		1
Bitta andy jemason tomorrow		1
Nabigla ako ng cardio sa ulan ahhh... just walked around 2km to ride a jeep going home. Than k you inc		1
On a first aid course tomorrow		1
President Obama is not a But I think it's wonderful that so many people in would be supportive of him if he were.		1
So dad tells me to get dressed cause I have to go with them...then yells at me for not being in the room to help him. Ok. 👌		1
Merry thanks giving ! Thankful for having to work Monday ,		1
you're so god damn cool		1
Drew Brees is so clutch		1
I have too much homework to do tonight... Luckily the Pats and Sox are on so I wont be distracted		1
Thanks grandma for being the commentator....		1
My friends are the greatest 👍👍👍		1
When you open my snapchat and dont reply&gt;&gt;		1
Daddy would be so proud of who I am today &lt;3		1
That was some amazing coverage		1
Thanks for sticking up for me.		1
It's cute how unoriginal some people are.		1
All the commercial with the alleged comedian does is force me to be quicker on the mute button		1
I'm glad Sage is paying more attention to her sorority than me		1
I am thankful for this wonderful flu I have had today		1
Amendola won't be playing next week. Great signing, Bill.		1
amendola's hurt again what a surprise		1
I'm thankful for waking up at 5:45 .		1
On the bright side I have terrible service...		1
Me saying the RedSox suck is like me saying I'm going to delete my pad		1
Don't be fooled by my constant messages about how much I hate history, I actually love this workbook work		1
Well s/o to my parents for checking on me today and making sure I'm alive		1
This nigga Jimmy Graham thought he was the Gronk n shit...		1
How we decided to go for a fam car ride and I drove having Jean Luc in the backseat crying the whole time, he really believes in me		1
So glad my team decided not to play well on the most crucial week.		1
Oh joy! Tonight should be just a blast!		1
Love being able to sleep the night before my first day of starting a new placement		1
Nice wee phonecall today to inform me my step grandparents are coming over the same time as Fraser		1
Lol that shows how EXCITING my day was		1
This night turned out to be great		1
Wow well im glad you noticed that ive had a cough for like the past 4 days.. I was beginning to think you didnt care..		1
I love it when my dog runs always.. 😒		1
Time to see what Tom Brady is made of. or		1
Great TD by Saints. That said, game is now set up for the Golden Boy and hero of Earth to lead another late drive win in Foxboro.		1
California for thanksgiving break and Mexico for Christmas break...ya can't wait I love spending so much time with family		1
Gotta love family dinner		1
I'm so happy that I had to swim through a lake just to get out of Scott Quads courtyard just to go to the library..		1
Oh hello most stressful week of the semester, thanks for coming around again.		1
Yay. Almost time for the most annoying 13 nights of the year - "13 nights of Halloween" on ABC Family. Great. Can't wait.		1
Great way to end the weekend		1
So excited to go to work tomorrow...		1
Thanks for trusting me...		1
76 words.. getting there		1
I love being home alone for Thanksgiving 😒		1
Wow.. I feel special		1
HAHAH thanks for the help.		1
I just love wasting gas you know since I have a tree that grows money in my back yard		1
No microsoft word on my computer so i dont have to do my homework great!		1
We are deeply blessed to have Troy Fakeman and Joe F*uck on same day/ weekend. Best in business....		1
Can't believe the Jags lost to the Broncos today!!		1
I hate listening to old songs that remind you of someone, it's like great now it's fucking ruined		1
Yep I show up at all those HS events to give my pictures away... Thanks for asking..		1
Oh hay, sore throat and blocked nose, I've missed you!		1
Bill B proving he's a genius yet again.		1
well good thing I benched Tom Brady		1
Wow...I'm really happy for Boston fans. They never catch a break and now the Pats do the unthinkable. Hope the Red Sox win too.		1
are you fucking kidding me?		1
Sad, because Rob Ryan is so easy to route for		1
Thought u was different		1
Think the fix wasn't in? Darren Sproles running it out of the end zone with 5 seconds remaining? LOL		1
Because everyone loves coming home from practice and hearing bitch.		1
Gosh, I love people!!!😍😊		1
Well that's just fantastiiccccc		1
Glad I wasn't on the edge ready to jump...		1
This over appreciation might kill me.		1
Love how ur voice changes. Bravo!!!!!!!!!		1
Real Husbands of Hollywood... Now that's a movie to watch ... LOLOLOL		1
Getting sick. 😞😫👎		1
Well there goes another friendship		1
While your at the mall checking girls out, buy some DC's HAHAHAHAHA.		1
Worked 7 1/2 hrs, hit the gym for 2 1/2hrs, &amp; now it's time for homework. Who knew growing up would be this much fun....		1
what a wonderful thunderstorm this evening		1
sweet, I love losing my phone for 5 hours		1
If this evening has been an indication of how my week is gonna go, I can't freaking wait!!		1
Let's write our problems on paper and burn it all up, they will never come back		1
I always have the best tan lines after tournaments!!!!		1
Slow down guys. I can't answer all of your messages at once.....		1
Yesss I love being reminded 😒		1
Well, my 'perfect' weekend was interrupted by a terrible headache &amp; nausea today.. 😔		1
Sundays are so interesting		1
done nothing outside of soccer and church this week		1
Yeah you really show you care.		1
Wide awake.. Slept most of the day .. Well I was horizontal for most of yesterday .. Watching Spanish videos coz I'm a classy dude		1
Man, is Anderson ever a good goalie!		1
I wish there were more pictures from homecoming on ig		1
This isn't awkward or anything		1
I love making wishes on my eyelashes because I know one day one of my wishes will come true		1
This has just been the greatest weekend ever		1
I forgot you took the loans out right?!?!		1
Hibernating and watching movies that scare the shit out of me		1
You convinced yourself you're hot but you're		1
I am so happy I have school and work tomorrow. I really did not want a day off		1
It's so awesome not texting anybody every night		1
My night consists of watching Grease and studying Spanish..		1
I freaking love it when pick up players play over people that are actually on the team!		1
You picked a real winner...		1
I love working 10 hour days		1
Walking Dead tonight ! Yay...		1
The governor is such a nice man		1
I have such good luck		1
I love when my moms mad.		1
Nice backward smile face...		1
Thanks for telling me guys...		1
Woah ANOTHER alien is in the ship? Didn't see that one coming		1
I love coming home smelling like meat blend and burnt sauce.		1
I ate soup for dinner.		1
Seeing and hearing certain things really do boost my self esteem. No wonder why I love myself so much.		1
I just love when my dad makes big plans without telling us		1
Guys couldn't handle my yards after catch today.		1
Thank god I don't have to be at school tomorrow!		1
Love it when your supposing best mate ignores you for months on end but still talks to someone you was with that is		1
Oh that's cool.		1
My mom thinking she's getting the best spot on the couch for TWD😜 HAHA!		1
I'm thankful that I have a family that won't wait for me to get off work to eat thanksgiving dinner 😒		1
I was pretty confident that I was gonna win the lottery... Guess not		1
I'm surprised courtney hasn't screenshoted any of my snaps. Like they have been so good.		1
WOO! Commercial after one minute!		1
When KB and her boyfriend fight 😂		1
Don't you just love that no text back 😍😒😔		1
Glad to know that that tweet was favorited or retweeted.		1
Romo is obviously our best player..		1
I love how important commitments are to you		1
Yea I enjoy Monday morning test.		1
When NWA first said, they write about gang/drug life to make people aware, I believed it. 20 years later, is that still the purpose?		1
walking 8 miles to football practice tomorrow should be fun		1
I love how all my friends are being so positive about the walking dead		1
That wasn't a hometown call at all.		1
Who knew writing a grant proposal could be so much fun?		1
Lol guess I will finally talk to the hoe since my last retweet said i should 😫😂		1
i just love sleeping alone !		1
Thanks so much for the help with AP lit earlier today guys.		1
They called a penalty on the Cowgirls.		1
Oh yay, crisis angel has another show		1
Geez, I wonder what's on TV tonight		1
For real though, who else is excited for Comic Book Men?		1
you like everyone I like, well isn't that a coincidence		1
Yeah, thanks for opening my snapchat.		1
But on the real, when did Joey change cause I'm still so mind blown..		1
Feels great to be back in good ol' hot and humid Houston		1
Manning had a great game against the second worst defense and he has the best receiving corp in the NFL.		1
Tfti.		1
Damn romo is killing it he already has 1.8 points in fantasy and its almost halftime...		1
How wonderful it is to come home with plans of cooking dinner then to see that the kitchen is a mess. 😊		1
I love how my friends listen to me..		1
I love how my Instagram app crashed and won't let me see anything.		1
Awh cry me a river, Dallas has a lot of injuries on Def line. Like they are the only ones!! Wow wonder how that feels!!		1
Can't wait for this episode of to be over so I can watch		1
My apartment is so dirty😣 I will be cleaning all night.		1
This is not how I planned to spend my Sunday evening 😒😪		1
I've been waiting for the talking dead to be back on for months now. Only 30 minutes away!!		1
What a fucking fantastic of a mood I'm in tonight		1
This black guy is a beast		1
You know what's better than 3rd wheeling? 5th wheeling.		1
Nighthawk Lip Balm is clutch at Fenway tonight.		1
Can't wait to see all the muddy trucks at school tomorrow!!!		1
hit in 13 innings and 25 K's. Yeah, we're on the way to the World Series. 1		1
So after dealing with summit customers for 6 hours I now get to drive for an hour to begin my two weeks of hell		1
I love when people don't text me back...		1
Was having a great weekend till I got home		1
2 History tests tomorrow. :/ :\ Monday's gonna be fun		1
Its seems babies are the new fad.		1
Thanks for the live-tweeting.		1
Yay for soccer practice in the morning		1
I like to ruin everything I touch...		1
Love coming home to questions like that.		1
Yeah, this whole scene makes sense for Brody's character.		1
I wish I could just stay here in EP and not return to SA. When I go back that means I go back to babysitting. 😒		1
My phones really blowing up...		1
I'm glad you noticed..		1
Oh joy! is about to wax philosophical on		1
Lol no reply is cool too 👏		1
Wow ive been eating so healthy today		1
Miggy is a beast, Ike-Duda-Satin are better		1
Paris Hilton is on YMCMB. I guess they needed to tap into the rich white people demographic/cash cow they've been missing out on.		1
oh no, I love being a 5th wheel		1
Just enrolled in all my subjects for my last year of my degree. Overloading in Semester One is going to be so fuuuuuuun		1
Im totally not impressed with you after you see what I can do &amp; now you believe I can do it! Really?		1
I love how The Walking Dead decide to fix its problems with the character if Carl by introducing even more kids		1
Acting like you don't know me, that's cool.		1
Oh wow you got 30 likes on a picture of you and your boyfriend? That defiantly means you two will last forever 😒		1
Shattering my phone was a great way to end my day		1
Good to hear the classy Red Sox fans stand behind the team.		1
Does anyone know if Walking Dead is on tonight?		1
I watch to de-stress from and then they recap all the deaths		1
I have the best luck		1
Oh good lord vs next Monday night. That's going to be awesome.		1
Way to excited for these 6am practices...		1
Redskins special teams is the best special teams		1
You know that cute little thing you do when you ignore me? Yeah. I LOVE it.		1
Getting blamed for things that weren't even me is the greatest☺️		1
Dear Red Sox coach - thanks for taking your time with the bullpen!		1
I'm glad our special teams is helping us out tonight		1
Wow redskins, way to be ready after half time		1
Being ignored is seriously one of the best feelings in the world!		1
When people dont text back&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
My entire family is super excited for my 21st birthday, while I am not even the slightest bit excited...		1
The Red Sox are far superior.		1
My hair is brown again		1
I'm so thankful my sisters making me watch the conjuring		1
It's just me and my hersh 🐶 tonight		1
Because that'd be so offensive and I'd feel so bad for them		1
Yea, The Walking Dead is back		1
We scored a run!!!!!! Yesssss		1
Tigers 8 hits to Bostons one hit that they just got in the 6th inning		1
I'm feeling a miracle comeback		1
claps for being very sickly 👏		1
Great ending of my weekend and start to my week		1
Love how everything just changes in two point seven seconds		1
Well I guess one run is good		1
I CAN'T WAIT TO BE IN COLLEGE STATION! 👍		1
Glad my family knows how to tell me what's going on.		1
Way to wrap him up...		1
Judging by my past 48 hours its going to be a wonderful week		1
I LOVE BEING THE ONLY ONE AT HOME		1
Am the only person wide awake in the flat.... Thinks its time to turn the up loud		1
Yay, for getting sick over break		1
Chillin' in front of Target...		1
I hate my life. Cant breathe, feel like shit, cant sleep, and feels like my chest is about to cave.		1
Lmfao omg you did not just tweet that.. 😂		1
Suppose get a job after the season is done! 👌		1
Not answering my text is really gonna solve our problem.		1
I feel sorry for the pedestrians at stop lights that have to witness my "windows down music up" singing...		1
Sorry I hung up on you		1
119 miles woo hoo		1
ya I curly my hair for practice and everyday too.		1
"sorry n shut" means a lot		1
Omfg lol you are such a cool kid 😃		1
Such a great friend		1
puffy eyes are sooo attractive😁😒		1
That moment when you open your mouth to sing along with your pandora and absolutely nothing comes out		1
And the good news keeps coming		1
El oh ellllll. I love when I'm being ignored and I KNOW I'm being ignored. It's just a wonderful chippy feeling :) love it!		1
Yay, college is the best. I'm so glad I chose to go to college...		1
S/o to the 15 hr shift I just took on		1
Funniest shit I've heard.		1
I Thought Rissa Said She Was Going To Sleep???? I Guess I Read That Wrong??		1
Yeah cause that's exactly what I want a condom thats thinner so it can break more easily		1
The only cool thing I get to tell people about my weekend was my bee sting		1
I have to write a 8 page paper by tomorrow and I'm watching YouTube videos of Lebron and Macklemore instead..		1
Slept the majority of my day away, can't wait to stare at my ceiling all night!🙎		1
So excited for school tomorrow!!!		1
I just love taking ice cold showers..		1
Good thing me and Amy are so social😂		1
not feeling this homework idea since I already did all of my b day homework and not my a day homework		1
Oh how I love jetting		1
Good for you two. I think its just great!		1
Good thing I did any homework this weekend!!		1
My favorite part about fall break is spending the little bit of time I have off of school studying for more Midterms		1
As if today was going great anyways.		1
And we are back to fgcu for another fun week of class!		1
O good. Benoit is pitching. He never gives up homeruns		1
Ortiz ain't clutch I swear		1
Try walking a mile in my shoes to see all that I must overcome. People think my life is great just because I choose not to complain!		1
Look away for 15 minutes and the Sox score 4		1
Oh wow, apparently every celebrity likes the Red Sox. Funny.		1
I hate how you think about everthing before you go to bed		1
I love that when my life starts falling apart, yours starts to become perfect.. 😒		1
Yay, more volleyball tomorrow..		1
thank you mom for understanding.		1
Although I have off tomorrow, I will be doing homework all day		1
Wonder what Benoit yelled in his glove at the end of that inning		1
I thought high school was suppose to be the best 4 years of my life		1
great way to end a vacation		1
What a great way to end my weekend		1
Well, that was fun…		1
If my ankle could hurt anymore that'd be great		1
Such a fun weekend! Woohoo		1
Poppin vitamins like a boss		1
Uehara in a non-save situation? shocking		1
Thanks a lot for the text back		1
I feel bad for the dumb fuckers who left this game early.		1
SO EXCITED FOR SCHOOL TOMORROW!		1
Oh how I love being ignored all day. It's wonderful ;)		1
Perfect end to a stressful day		1
Today has been so productive!		1
Ok. Now I feel bad for Prince.		1
What a comeback by the Red Sox! Poor Michigan		1
And a dissapointing end to the night, Thank you Tigers		1
Our pen stepped up big tonight		1
I am going to look so fine for my 8am class in the morning.		1
so the walking dead sucked and the Tigers lost... glad i wasnt looking forward to this night of tv		1
Absolutely makes sense that a 38 y/o slugger who tested positive for banned substances in 2003 can still be hitting these home runs		1
I absolutely love it when people talk shit about me and/or my family.		1
Idc if someone judges me on my past. Yeah sitting alone all my life playing video games whooo so bad I know right.		1
Wow this has been an awesome day.		1
When tha truth hurts I pop pain pills		1
You told me on a Sunday that it wasn't gonna work , I tried to cry myself to sleep , cause it was supposed to hurt?		1
some great future leaders of America on the Isle chat tonight...		1
And on another note, I've been so distracted by all this confusing that I didn't finish any homework...		1
I'm doing such a great job studying		1
It's cute how you talk shit about me to other people but then try to get in my pants all the time.		1
the best part of any business trip is submitting reimbursement reports!!!		1
Haha. Good thing you learned your lesson.		1
Well my dads in a great mood.		1
Oh yeah due tomorrow and here I am just tweeting		1
I love that I'm so awake and hyper right now		1
Hot tea on my chest? Sure! That won't hurt at all. . .		1
Well I've snapped you twice so I'm glad you're one my best friends list		1
At least NBC's promo for Peyton Manning returning to Indy next week isn't hokey and over-the-top.		1
What a great ending to tonight👌		1
Well that was a pointless conversation. I'm glad I took the time out of my day, for you.		1
Wow, gotta love thieves!		1
That was an amazing "party"		1
Ahhhhh the sweet smell of Monday		1
Don't you just love it when your roommate brings home a recorder and plays it when your studying!? 😑		1
What a great night to be in my house tonight		1
Same crap as before..		1
Lol at the fact that we used to talk all the time and now we don't. At all.		1
Oh my god is Robin Hood I didn't expect it!!!		1
Gonna be studying chemistry all night...fun		1
Yep, just remembered I didn't do my AP gov homework. Yay for late Sunday nights		1
Haha remember that one time I accidentally drank a bug. That was cool		1
Uhh yeah umm. I hate to say it..but you have the disease		1
Looking forward for more DPs!		1
Glad I unfollowed u		1
That's okay, I suppose I have days where I just don't look at my phone or don't want to talk to you.		1
I picked a winner....		1
I'm sorry.... I didn't realize you're an expert on my life and how I should live it! Please, continue while I take notes...		1
Happy monday clase!!!!!		1
Postear selfies para subir tu autoestima??		1
Gotta take my butt down to the DPS this week...		1
Love getting up at this time!		1
GOLLY GEE I CANT WAIT FOR MUSIC THEORY TOMORROW		1
Sleep is overrated anyways...right? 😫😑		1
Next version of Android is probably going to be 5.0 codenamed "Lollipop" :P		1
I have to write two papers this week. Oh, it's going to be a blast!		1
I'm so glad I missed game two of the ALCS		1
Glad you can talk to your best friend about your problems 😒		1
What a great achievement		1
Yaaaay I love fighting.		1
lol I really enjoy being your back up friend :-)		1
I love getting ready for no reason 😄		1
Love waking up to a nosebleed.......		1
❌hoes are cool. ❌		1
Yipeee a science test today my favourite		1
Too bad I took that 3 hour nap in the evening, now I can't sleep.		1
So glad i got to see that dead snake on the road by my house.		1
Taking ibuprofen for my knee pain, is amazing!!		1
Wide awake, what a shocker		1
This is the first time you didn't even say goodnight and I know you could've cause of my last tweet		1
Ha that was funny!!!		1
Just got grounded for printing a paper for school		1
School tomorrow. 😐🔫		1
I can't wait to wake up tomorrow morning, be exhausted all day, and not get enough sleep tomorrow night. Very healthy for me.		1
Got to love bus drivers...happy little souls to give you a lovely start to your day		1
Its okay , electricity. I wasn't watching TV or anything. I don't mind that you just flickered on and off and caused me to lose signal.		1
Wow this alcohol survey is so fun.		1
Love this early morning coldness! ❄️❄️		1
I love the boys team		1
Yay start double art today		1
Yay!! Here we are now! Only 5 days away from Friday. Gonna work super hard this week it's gonna be sick!!!		1
Cause I love having your psycho ass on my mind.		1
Oh rubbish weather today, love doing school run in the rain		1
Great way to end the night		1
Got to love typing papers!!		1
i love when ahmad gets into those one rap line tweets moods,		1
Forgot every song Alex Turner ever wrote during/after his relationship with Alexa Chung was about her		1
These people are soooo funny on the train. Really wish I'd brought my tenaladies. Please talk louder I'm so interested.		1
Monday mornin, my favourite!!!		1
School photo's today		1
Perks of having an android, when people with iphones send me certain emojis ,i see them as chinese letters . Woohoo .		1
That was a fun night.		1
Blew up my truck today 👌		1
Shapes just everywhere last night. Remember everything		1
CAY LA RENTRAY		1
I don't finish college till 6 today aren't I lucky		1
Love my 14 hour Mondays each week. Best way to start a week and forget the weekend! Everyone is so happy on a Monday too		1
I don't know if I'm uptight, or just a frigid bitch...		1
You're only as good as your weakest member..................... Yeaaa we're not good. 😒		1
Studied until defenses for Nego Law. I feel so productive		1
Love it when my is slow first thing in the morning! Come on I need to get work done!		1
That was a nice lie in ....sorry to all my mates who haven't had that luxury		1
Walking back the 3miles i just ran with a sprained ankle in the rain was fun.		1
Awesome to be sick, right before a trip!		1
Broke my little toe about 20 seconds after getting out of bed, can't think of a better way to start my day		1
Off to be expose to TB, love all these vaccinations		1
I love the fact that I'm still up &amp; on my computer.		1
Well...no school for me tomorrow. 100.5 fever feels really nice.		1
Smell like a wet dog. Love running in the rain		1
Today's going to be fun		1
did Dami just say i knew I was through.so humble of her		1
Having a load of fun sitting outside the pe office		1
Love it when I can't sleep.		1
yay for being awake!		1
Breakfast and off to work happy days		1
Really really enjoying this weather today		1
A science exam is just what's needed to cheer this Monday morning up		1
Maths week starts today have to play maths games with kids in college can't wait		1
You actually think you look nice like that? 😂		1
Officially moved out of the house. Petoskey, it's been real.		1
Uphill trek to uni is going to be fun		1
Nausea n nosebleeds...great way to start the week off!!!		1
Love the Griffin jump shot		1
Nice easy lecture for a Monday morning		1
So applied for a cubic fuck ton of jobs yesterday... Already had 3 rejections...		1
Wow just what I wanted to wake up to 😢💔		1
I love waking up so early		1
I love being awake when my alarm goes off		1
Yayy it's Monday!		1
Work should be wonderful today		1
Can't sleep, thank you anxiety		1
I REALLY want to go to work right now .		1
just one of those days.....I love Mondays		1
Day just keeps getting better and better...		1
Sat on a damp bench now my bum is soggy. Great start to the day		1
I have to get up in like 4 hours... Kool		1
Yes! Got 77.6% in my practice maths test. Good enough and it only took me about 4 hours to do. ;) Going to ace this test!		1
Seriously?! Don't freaking change the preset stations in my van... You're so funny!		1
Nice positive news story for patient perception of gp's on radio today		1
Great way to start my week!		1
Monday morning safety meetings....yeah!!		1
Thanks for making my day so much better...		1
Today's going to be such a great day		1
Well this is already a great start to my day.		1
That 2 mile run made me even more tired and put me in a bad mood... gonna be a great day!		1
Back to being unsociable for two weeks and having no life. Nights are so much fun!		1
It's so fun doing reactions at -78 ºC		1
What a way to start off a Monday..		1
Forgetting my backpack before I get on the bus is a great way to start of my birthday		1
I'm just a ball of sunshine today. ☀️		1
waiting for packages is my favourite thing in the whole world		1
Gunna let my mom drive to work this gunna be fun&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
Dear baby daddy thank so much for messing up Hus sleep schedule..		1
Nothing sicker than someone that takes a picture of police lights in their mirror when they get pulled over for fb		1
I'm freezing cold and exhausted. Today is going to be fun.		1
So, my dad calls me and says my Mimi had a stroke this morning. What a wonderful Monday.		1
Stupid dog licked me in the eye yesterday		1
Woke up feeling OSM!!		1
What a great start to this week		1
Wisdom teeth today, yay!		1
Monday morning practices are the best!!!		1
Wait.. Did walking dead premiere last night or something? I would have never guess based on how quiet FB and twitter is..		1
I love waking up at 8 on the day I'm supposed to have off😒		1
Going for surgery. o:		1
Waking up being in a great mood then an hour later it getting ruined&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
I'm glad you're happy 😒		1
Some random model started following me on Instagram... I wonder if she thinks I really am an expert photographer... because I am...		1
Fuming!!! Good thing stress doesnt make symptoms worse !!!!		1
No the fact that it's dark outside when I wake up doesn't make it hard to get out of bed at all		1
Read between the lines you DuMb fUcK		1
To bad I'm still in Florida...I just hate missing school.		1
I love being late for school.		1
it's fine I didn't want Columbus Day off... at least I can retire in 43 years		1
Put a pattern lock on my other phone and forgot it ...		1
Annnnd I feel like I'm about to throw up.		1
this week sucks already.		1
Way to text back		1
Every god damn morning! You're late and you have his dumbass with you! He cheated on you and you still take him to work...?		1
Well exited for Halloween		1
Oh by the way, sick having Columbus Day off.		1
There's no better feeling than when you're running late in the morning and your car won't start😒🚙		1
Sam just punched me...		1
3 mins till meeting time... Bet it will be super productive.		1
So were Guinea pigs and I cheated for nothing? Wow. Love Spanish teacher logic!		1
waking up to a stuffy nose, sore throat and dry mouth is my fav		1
This coming weekend is the 1st weekend I could have gone to our Pike County lease. Wife won concert tickets. I'm screwed.		1
Here's to another great day		1
Accounting test... The joy 😑		1
Great, Starting my morning very well..		1
This brand new phone spends more time with no service than the last one!		1
There is a high powered meeting going on just outside my office door		1
A1 - best dancers I have ever seen		1
Lets go flip some burgers! Whoa love this place!		1
Great way to start a Monday.		1
I'm prob the most spirited person today in school 😈😈		1
Only reason why I'm here is because of band.		1
Like you think I'm going to do these worksheets?		1
spending my long weekend working everyday is just what i wanted		1
Hooray for class at 9 am!		1
No good morning text? Feeling loved today.		1
I love that today I'm getting up earlier than I do on a school day.		1
Ah what the heck. I have a concussion.		1
Great morning so far.		1
After procrastinating all week, I am totally ready to tackle ALL my homework today.		1
You must have these texts like saved in your notes so you can send em to all your side hoes without thinking up a text.. Lol so clever		1
Great start of the day.		1
I am I'm the best mood of my life, ever.		1
Having one of them days where you download fuck loads of music		1
The fact that I can see your can of skoal in your back pocket makes you so much more attractive ....		1
Just how I wanted to start my day		1
When your back hurts so bad you feel like throwing up.		1
I hear Montréal is lovely in mid-February.		1
Just going to accept the fact that I'm nevet going to get a real full-time job, so, second job... here I come.		1
And now begins the day of endless work, just got to love senior year		1
He people : ,		1
feeling like wifey wit no bra on lmao NO BRA DAY LOL LMAO		1
I love waking up with one killer head ache ! Yay		1
So I wake up and my dorm is -38392973 degrees		1
Yes please send me dick pics at 9am!!!!		1
What a wonderful start to the day!		1
Ya gotta love my friends..		1
A whole day of reading and writing internal documentation... whoop! whoop!		1
That is exactly what I needed to help me feel better 😔		1
So glad Congress/Pres. getting a well deserved day off for Columbus Day. Keep up the good work!		1
I guess an hour of sleep is better than none, right?		1
Yes I get to work today! Isn't everyone jealous???		1
Someone has just stolen another of my pens.		1
Shout out to common app, making applying to college easier than making an amendment		1
Can't wait to spend this day off studying!!!		1
Hypocrites, gotta love em		1
Wow lululemon is about to go out of business giving away 100,000 free clothes		1
Apparently my voice is dying again, and my throat is sore. Gonna be fun at the meeting tonight		1
Well this Monday is starting out fantastically		1
My day is already off to a great start....		1
I hate Mondays at work nobody seams to be able to fix anything but me!!!		1
We are screwed.		1
Everyone bringing their kids to work today is excellent! Love it, terrific! Yeah sure I'll play with them		1
has been very productive today		1
Football tonight in these weather conditions will be awesome		1
My day has started out just great		1
Great way to start the day👌		1
Accidentally getting to a dentist appointment 45 minutes early is cool.		1
Well got stuck in B.A that was fun!		1
So glad my English teacher has emailed me back about my paper. So helpful.		1
Yes Lara, I studied for that test...		1
Best friends.. to not even talking..		1
Getting yelled at by my mom. What a perfect way to start my Monday morning. ☺		1
Nothing I love more than shaving pills off vintage sheets.		1
Love being 40 minutes early to work 😕		1
Glad I woke for this....fashion police on E! No puzzle and no video games saweet!!		1
I love it when my twitter sends spam to everyone I follow		1
Great orthodontist appt today and toe doctor appt tomorrow... My favorite		1
O this just is fantastic		1
So photogenic it's crazy		1
Favorite class of the day........		1
So thankful for the headache I have right now		1
I am not "down with the sickness."		1
Congress continues to work through holiday to resolve debt deadline. What hardworking chaps!		1
Well that was a fun drive		1
Got a ticket and wasn't as prepared as I should've been for my actg or psych test today...this week is starting out to be promising...		1
As in sitting here my eyes water up as I'm going to cry, yup can already tell I'm going to have a great fucking day!		1
So apparently the bus driver was texting while driving the bus to get us today... I feel so safe on that bus now....		1
2 maths lectures on a Monday is great!!		1
You discover my house I'm a give you a day an call you a hero??		1
I get the lovely pleasure of changing my flat tire in the rain. Oh and I have a test in 2 hours... This has become a fantastic day		1
Love it when I have to walk around campus when it's pouring		1
I love going to chemistry because it's one of those classes I know I will use in my life every day.		1
glad i have psych first when i am a psycho myself. ill get along so well with my patients...		1
Gotta love how it starts pouring as soon as I get out of class.		1
Sick... Didn't sleep well last night, and was up by 7... Great way to start Fall break...		1
Yeah mom, go ahead and vacuum I wanted to wake up!		1
You lost your chances for the future. I'm sorry		1
Yes, we really love verbal abuse when we're just on day to day business, it makes us feel so safe and secure in what we're doing		1
When people steal your usual spot in class....		1
And there's the weather we've all been waiting for!!		1
Here's to a day off listening to my husband talk to his friends while playing GTA5 all day...		1
Just like that. You leave. Perfecccccct		1
Woo!!! Heading back to Kato for another week of homework and ramen!!! So Pumped!!!		1
Just love visiting the doctor..		1
First game incident report of the year...yay.		1
Someone is taking a nap		1
Greatest day off of all time. Dentist then the mall with the wife what more can a guy ask for.		1
Love getting absolutely ripped apart for 5 minutes by my sociology teacher in front of the class		1
X5 got to love it		1
so i took adderall this morning.. i bathed my dog, cleaned the garage and worked out. yet my homework still isn't done		1
Bout to kill it on this French Exam...		1
Just what I wanted sloppy joes for lunch....		1
It's a vital holiday that everyone in America celebrates. Close the banks, businesses don't need money today.		1
La Catrina is getting so intense I can't even handle it		1
Sorry for the spam, tweeter world, I guess I got hacked. Good news though, twitter has terrible security.		1
So thankful I have to work today...		1
Mr Hugh's loves me		1
Bubba Sparxx, the man behind "Miss New Booty", is releasing a country CD tomorrow. I seriously can't wait to hear it.		1
As if this worth reading		1
Love cleaning a 22000 litre diesel tank out cus u come home never stinking of diesel		1
Oh my, Apple's iPhone 5s is outselling the 5c by a 2 to margin. I am sure Apple is so disappointed. 1		1
It has the lifespan of a fly		1
I should probably start with my plates. I'll go make the title blocks now. yes. That's very productive		1
Yay Verizon told me my phone should crash any day now!		1
Everytime Sid Standafer posts on fb I get a little sad thinking about the night in Paris when I got hit on by a red headed lesbian		1
Deer Lakes? How bout the Land of Classy Motherfuckers		1
I'm thankful I have all my midterms the same week 😋		1
I can't help but laugh when people do the awkward run/walk		1
Pregnant women can't go to haunted houses. Oh darn. I'm so upset.		1
Are people happy with the CUSA lineup or something???? I cant really tell		1
Nothing more embarrassing than seeing a couple out for a meal not talking and occasionally looking at their phones 🙈😂		1
Great start to my Monday.		1
Because talking about weed 24/7 is totally freaking attractive.		1
How I love Monday's		1
I was actually mad at the car in front of you but you can go ahead and flip me off, that works, you're cool.		1
The cancerous Martin Biron has been removed. 10 game win-streak incoming.		1
Having full blown arguments with my parents are always fun		1
Thanksgiving at my house...		1
god i fucking looove this school		1
Actually feel like working lol		1
Someone says to me awww get kik so I do...all of a sudden I have boys sending me messages of their dicks and stuff		1
10:30 in the morning on our day off and I'm working on College Essays..		1
My shoe broke.... at work.... and its still wet outside whoooo.		1
My flight would get delayed even longer than expected. It's cool, no biggie. I have nothing important to get back to anyway		1
Spent all day doing animal biology course work		1
Argh! Why didn't y'all tell me it was Columbus Day and the banks are closed!!! I was ALL ready to make a teller transaction!		1
It's times like this you find out who your real friends are. I don't have many it seems.		1
I love having finals week and my birthday week overlap every year.		1
So pumped for a fun filled practice today		1
I love how when you need help I make sure I help as much as I can. But when I need help you are nowhere to be found.		1
Please keep sending me snapchats of you in the shower. It really makes me want you more.		1
3 Exams this week! I'm so excited!		1
Today is just turning out to be soooo great😑		1
Having told that he doesn't want to be with you the day before your anniversary &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
I like it when I get anxious for no reason.		1
these knots in my stomach are just the greatest thing 👌		1
7 page paper about severe weather due by sunday... LETS DO THIS!!!!		1
Dentist today should be awesome		1
I would like to thankyou for making me feel this way.		1
I bet our mother would be proud of you.		1
Found out some random dress / top thing (i cant decide what the hell it is) for pink day tomorrow, yay me		1
Girl next to me in line for stir fry, your talk about your projectile vomiting over the weekend makes me really hungry		1
all morning with Raj tomorrow buzzzing		1
I just loooooovvvee being ignored.		1
so mad cause Holden won't buy me Potbelly like thanks for being a good friend		1
At a meeting hour early, wow thanks for that mum, your reading is superb 1		1
Delighted we didn't have to do the bleep test then today. Bring it on next week		1
I should attend classes more often.		1
Wow today is turning out to be pretty good☺		1
Love people who don't text back		1
The tabs that I have open right now: Naviance, college board, powerschool, common app, and the guidance website....		1
What does not kill you makes you stronger.		1
All these guys that are much stronger than me in the gym need To Get A Freakin' Life.		1
Gym for lunch, how appetizing.		1
What a fucking awesome way to start the week.		1
What an exciting weekend that was		1
Forgot my calculator and I have an accounting quiz today you have got to be shitting me		1
working 5-10 all week.		1
Well hella papers to write. Not feeling 100% but I gotta do what I gotta doooo. Senior year. Yay.		1
Good for you :)		1
watch me care		1
I might try it see if it works		1
only had one class today when supposedly i had four!		1
I love how everything exciting is on the day I work		1
I've always wanted to know where Popocatépetl is. Now i can die happily.		1
This just keeps getting better and better		1
Condoleeza rice on the ncaa playoff committee makes perfect sense match made in heaven		1
This week is starting off great.		1
I like not hanging out with you.		1
Guess how lucky I am??? I have a dentist appointment on Halloween, I know I know, don't get too jealous lol 😊🔫		1
I'm thankful for my cold dark basement that shields me from this beautiful thanksgiving day...		1
I guess sitting in the middle of the path makes you cool.		1
Remember when it was okay to shackle your children and hit them with various kitchen utensils? Where have you gone, America?		1
studying for the chemistry GREs is just a constant reminder of how little i learned in inorganic!		1
I'm going to pretend that was about me 😂		1
Mondays are fun days!		1
Oh dont text back... Its cool.		1
da bro embarrassing me in chorus today😐 fun times		1
Gotta love the dentist		1
Im bouta get that mtv app		1
Lol I love being allergic basically all food haha		1
Oh my, all of the old English monarchs were soo attractive...		1
Glad to be invited for things		1
Well that just made my day. lol		1
So I'm not really ok with 'celebrating' . Let's just celebrate a man that killed countless Native Americans- that's cool		1
It's so funny how you complain and say you don't care lol I love it! Please your soo cool, so hardcore. I just want to be u		1
great way to spend my anniversary		1
Steering committee is always really productive.		1
Great news Canada! Our sleeper agent Ted Cruz is weakening America so quickly. We should be able to invade within weeks.		1
What's that? My ferry is leaving out of Vineyard Haven instead of Oak Bluffs? Ugh!		1
I really don't wanna be working on my chem lab right now...		1
I love it when my face decides to break out all over		1
I Love When Girls Text Gangster		1
Not celebrating Columbus Day because I didn't get the day off from work, otherwise I'd be reveling in the historic slaughter.		1
Talking about weed, you're cool.		1
This crick in my neck is making me so happy!		1
This day just keeps getting better...		1
Forever eating lunch alone 😁✌️👎		1
Don't u just love being an option! 😁		1
Wow I love having a broken phone		1
I love it when the bus drive goes 50 mph in a narrow street, I feel like we are in GTA on a mission		1
Tired and stressed. What a surprise.		1
So this day-long downpour is really motivating.		1
Ignore the people that care the most, YES that's a brilliant idea.		1
Well October half term sounds fucking brilliant		1
And Mother Nature hits me with a boom		1
Stalker guys are sexy		1
Currently pretending I don't have an anatomy exam soon so now seems like the perfect time to be distracted by snap chat (and twitter)		1
Double at work today -- yay me -___-		1
Yay 4 being sick☺️😒		1
Stansted and back on a Monday night. Laaaaavly		1
love having 10 A4 pages of spanish corrections on a monday night		1
Glad to see the study guide I made worked out well		1
S'cool not like my parents turned down me going to a concert for free like yeah I'm down with that.		1
Glad I get to sit in my room till class at 5...		1
I love when people tell me what to do. makes my day.....		1
I feel so helpful when people only let carry a CD.		1
Getting a job for my birthday is the best gift I've ever gotten 😞		1
Pretty pumped about people drinking all my vodka though.		1
I make everything awkward . 🆒		1
the campus is a gun free zone. Maybe the shooter wasn't aware of that.		1
I sent my phone out Tuesday to get fixed and they just recived it today?! That's wonderful		1
Laying in bed all day watching movies that make me ball my eyes out is a great way to start fall break...		1
I do so love it when I get used as a human punching bag, definitely makes my day better		1
You're busy again today? Please list every task on social media so we can stand amazed at your awesomeness.		1
About to aerate back lakes.		1
Nothing like a trip to Walmart to restore your faith in humanity...		1
That was a nice hour walk home in a hoodie with the sun blazing on me...		1
That was a fun 2 hour drive in the rain.		1
The director of casting for the movie "50 shades of grey" called... I told them no for fear of bad sequels and SOA coming after me		1
This group message is intense lol		1
I loooove the dentist office		1
Nah, it's cool, ill just get fucking bitched at by everyone today when I haven't done anything wrong, it's all good tho		1
The guy next door sprayed so much deodorant that the fire alarm has gone off!		1
Yes, I would love you to serenade me on my way to class		1
Having a 40 min break from studying and doing work for 5. Yeaahh this seminar task is totally gonna get done		1
Nothing better then studying for midterms on thanksgiving		1
I just love sitting in traffic 😍		1
I spend more time worrying about what I have to study than I actually study		1
to go to homecoming or not🙊 ....		1
Best 12 min nap of my life		1
I have no use for holidays. They do nothing but cause chaos. I &lt;3 my family.		1
Wow. I'm so excited to move into that piece of shit house dad!		1
Pneumonia is just fantastic.		1
Dude I'm gonna shave the sides of my head and then slick back the top with a pound of gel itll look so sick!		1
How did the world know that all I wanted for my birthday was to get sick		1
Perk of being a college senior in engineering: Being on campus to work on a group project when everyone else is on Fall Break!		1
i just love people		1
I love when I apologize to someone and they completely ignore me 😒.		1
Good thing I have a phone soo all my friends can text me.		1
Great way to end my long weekend.		1
trashbag pants and rain boots, it's the new look ._.		1
When you need your best friend and you look around and no ones there...awesome feeling.		1
Today has been effing fantastic		1
Having the hiccups in class is super fun....		1
Thanks to everyone who saw me today and mentioned that my shirt is inside out		1
Well swimming is going good...........		1
Please continue to be a psychotic asshole and blame it on me. I just love it		1
Coming home to an empty house....Dogs aren't even here.... Just what I wanted after the day I had.....		1
This family is so stupid		1
Love how I always get the blame		1
I love living in a mold infested room		1
Girls who get stupid smashed every weekend and complain about the hangovers &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
I always know when someone I know gets engaged because their Pinterest blows up with wedding stuff. Yay technology.		1
Cant wait to spend tonight and all day tomorrow at an expo for Terex......		1
Could something else please go wrong today? I haven't had enough.		1
So today i got told that I was stupid, annoying, and I have a fat butt... Gggrrrreeeeaaaaattttt day.		1
5 more followers until 200.... I'm slowly starting to be important in the Twitter universe.		1
Bleeding Cowboys must be the world's most religious font, because the first thing out of my mouth every time I see it is, "Holy..."		1
Back home, time to finish cleaning my room. Yay		1
Good job my tutor is really helpful and super good at replying to emails		1
Thanksgiving dinner is always fun after you've gotten 4 wisdom teeth out		1
I LOVE nose bleeds...		1
I think im really gunna like these people on on benefits and proud.....		1
so happy made in chelsea is back on tele		1
Thanks for the help on the crop top situ twitter		1
Pleased I watched c5 programme I now feel calm, chilled and at one with British society		1
What a glorious day this is.		1
Chemistry and english tomorrow!! great day		1
What a wonderful fucking day.		1
Getting to see my boyfriend at all this week before he has drill this weekend? Probably not gonna happen. 😩		1
Thanks Bam Bam, you're such a wonderful, great and fearless leader.		1
The fantasy football team not worth any money is decimated with injuries. Christ, I better figure it out to win all that pride		1
The jelly belly factory 🍬🏭is such a happy, fun place!		1
Time to do my favorite thing in the world....grocery shopping 👎👎		1
I LOVE writing journals for english class :)		1
Driving through Barre with your bass turned way up, revving your shitty engine &amp; listening to shit you call music really makes you cool		1
Man can't wait for the PSAT on Wednesday morning..		1
Love "Talk Dirty" especially the lyric "Sold out arenas, you can suck my penis" it's like modern day Shakespeare		1
Hold on the first 60000040287273838 followers get free college if I follow and give a shout out?		1
I love how everyone and their mother got a day off today but me		1
Oh you're smoking with your kids in the car, you're such a great parent 👌		1
thanks for the one day break judson!		1
The moral of the story is that Louise and Spencer are perfect for each other		1
Home life couldnt get any fucking better		1
I love that once a month every girl gets to feel like someone's punched them in the stomach 7 days in a row. It's a real thrill.		1
Good thing I lost my favorite belly button ring in my soccer game today		1
Man we better get ready to face "the Ville" this Friday.		1
So excited! Look what I can do nowww!!!! 😃😀😊☺😉😍😘😚😗😙😜😜😝🍂🍃🍁🌼🍀🍎🏈🎵🎃👻🎓💝🎁🎄🌅⚓⛵🌃🌆⛺🌇🏰		1
Learned a new marketing trick today. If your place is small, stretch photos horizontally in ads to make it look bigger!		1
Thanks for the support.		1
Hip hip hooray for a sprained ankle.		1
Thanks to the people in expensive cars who don't use their turn signals or stop at stop signs.		1
Thanx for not ignoring me guys you're the best		1
Roll on 6.45 am alarm best sound of the day		1
I've got a good idea, lets all put really offensive and heartless jokes about Madeleine McCann, will be pure bants		1
Yeah you care about me so much		1
Thanks everyone for responding to my texts today		1
I just love being ignored.....		1
Its a holiday! Everyone's at home! Great!		1
Gotta love mid day practices on a day off		1
HowLy carp Michael jackson followed me! Suit he's alive		1
Woah guys, stop blowing up my phone. I know you all want to talk but damn. This is like crazy.		1
Thanks for the emotional walls. I really appreciate it.		1
It's great never having anyone to talk to.		1
If you have bullet hole stickers on the side of your car, you're prolly cool		1
Well that ruined my entire day...		1
Oh wow my Instagram news feed is full of other girls boyfriends that I apparently care about. Must be Monday.		1
How does Courtney feel right now ? Stressed and worried.		1
Well this'll make for a fun evening...		1
Wayyyy to be supportive 👏 thanks.		1
I'm thankful that I have midterms this week		1
I'm nobody's mcm? What a heart breaker! lol		1
If Bale is properly injured I feel sorry but we can laugh at Real Madrid at the same time. What a shame.		1
a good way to counter eating disorders in young women is to sexualize them (good girls swallow)		1
chemistry first thing tomorrow morning sounds appealing		1
Waking up at 8:30am for a 9am lecture		1
Milk shake, sensation crisps rib favour is the best tea ever		1
Thanks mom you totally make me feel so much better. (:		1
, , , All ill-timed retirements		1
That awk moment when moral support turns into flirting		1
I just love how you like to hurt my feelings over and over.		1
Love doing essays at this time		1
My parents are so concerned about how stressed I am		1
It's a good thing it didn't rain all day!		1
Wtf! I have 41 baby spiders all over my wall! I'm gonna sleep well		1
Great cant sleep for coughing an cant breathe as my nose totally blocked		1
I have the best luck!		1
Please totally disregard whatever ive just said to you.		1
so glad we had to take study skills in junior high because now mine are prime 👌		1
today has consisted of dropping my boyfriend off at the airport and lazing around the house watching tv		1
last minute, late night biology revision is what i live for...		1
Dang boy, you are rockin' that hickey👌		1
I'm sure following and tagging an Instagram account will get you a scholarship...		1
Wow I'm really glad my mom took my mascara and hat that I bought with my own money to Florida		1
Well now it's going to take me even longer to do this paper.		1
I get better signal in my deer stand than I do in my house.		1
Middle school drama, gotta love it!		1
630am to 530pm gotta love it		1
I think I have two B's on my report card. My mom will be so proud😂		1
What a glorious way to start my day this morning...		1
I tried singing almost is never enough .. but uhhh I sound real good mmhmm.		1
Luv it when my phone charger stops working		1
Welp, learned how to train a dolphin in my management class today 🐬		1
Feeling really special right about now...		1
Goodnight all sleep tight another day if work tomorrow cant wait		1
Rumors... Don't you just love them?		1
I can't believe I actually called you a friend		1
When a guy says 'aw yeah I remember you, you've got a nice ass'... thanks..how lovely.		1
Rocking some sweatpants		1
That makes me feel good.		1
Practice was fun today		1
Great to be home..		1
Just popped another blister 👌 wonderful		1
I love waiting for the bus in the rain.		1
Parents always know how to make you feel good about yourself, right?		1
My titles are "College Marketing Intern," "Student Marketing Assistant," and "VP of Marketing." Can you guess my major?		1
Cold weather + allergic rhinitis =Wow ha! Such a perfect early combo!!!!		1
did I just send a Toronto Police sergeant a smiley face text message..... you know it.		1
night again at the gym		1
Greaaaaaat. This is just what I needed right now		1
Really looking forward to that 3 and 1/2 hour drive tomorrow.		1
Looking reallll hot in my snapchats tonight 😂😂		1
thanks for letting me know about that change of plans		1
Estimated arrival time: 11:30 or midnight. Oh tomorrow's going to be fun.		1
Food poisoning is fun... 😣😷		1
going to tour colleges this weekend, wow, so excited for fall break		1
Haha yep definitely a happy birthday today to me... O.o		1
Missing my club meeting that I really wanted to go to to watch a movie I've already seen		1
I love starting the first day of the week with accounting!		1
Soo apparently ive a C.A tomorrow in programming ..id just like to thank my lecturer for notifing us and for being soo helpful		1
I love this whole no text thing		1
Gotta love a day off work and having to use it to do home work :/		1
Making a tutu is actually very hard, and the results are not the best.		1
So sad thanksgiving is over but at least I have those extra five pounds to remember it by		1
So thankful for these 2 midterms this week...		1
In a really shitty mood just now...it's best before bed erh...		1
Just passed a couple running together...talk about a fun date		1
Gift Aid claim submitted and PAYE calculations done for another few months... nice relaxing evening, just like I wanted.		1
It warms my heart how some people care..		1
189 problems in math. Some fun shit right there		1
Oh it's homecoming? couldn't tell from all the school spirit.		1
Glad I waited for you		1
Anyel just said a taquito is basically the same thing as a churro ....		1
Bringing back the braces on this fine Monday. 🙊		1
What's better than a holiday? Work on a holiday.		1
Or don't text me back up thats cool too		1
It's pretty sad you pick someone that has NO relationship to you but yet you pick them other your own daughter..		1
listening to a presentation on tomatoes is exactly how i wanted to spend my night.		1
Well that was fun		1
Spirit week starts tomorrow oh boy joy		1
I finally get to turn my alarm back on		1
I love being sick 😷		1
That Yutan JV line tho &gt;		1
I love when we don't text all day.		1
Thanks Aunt Sis for getting me addicted to Dr Quinn Medicine Woman.......I really did need another show to obsess over		1
ouh , its a 7sec addvertisment video . i can skip it after watching 5sec of it ? yay !!		1
I have gotten so many texts today.		1
I love when people don't txt back!		1
I love being mocked and picked on by my own family.....		1
Hate when people cant take jokes. Ruins everthing...		1
Tomorrow starts another week at that shitty work of mine.		1
Ima bout to look real hot tomorrow		1
I ate way too much.. Now I can't study for american history because I can't move to get my notes ... How sad		1
zamboni broke down for a bit today that was fun		1
I can't imagine a better day than today to move out of my apartment.		1
The honk and "call me" gesture was really effective man. But you didn't even give me your number...hahaha		1
Football today was just awesome 😄🎉		1
Thanks for ruining my confidence.		1
Lucky me sick on fall breakk (:		1
John Gruden going out on a limb tonight saying he thinks the Trent Richardson trade was a good one for Indy.		1
Thanks for the help dude.		1
A John Cena video package best for business		1
I remember when I yelled the word 'prick' down the middle school hallway and I didn't know what it meant. Ah, those were the days.		1
I love being able to sleep, oh wait!		1
I love how nice my friends are to me		1
wait, is Halloweentown on ???		1
Even though I'm gonna have to pay for it every single month.		1
I just love when girls act like they know everything like they're top notch hahahah		1
Getting frustrated with homework just boosts my self esteem so much		1
Dance midterm tomorrow this should be great		1
Thank you salazar and shield🔫		1
I love when my Netflix doesn't work		1
I'm really looking forward to taking a nice cold shower		1
Doing a 51 minute science lesson on my own free time sounds like a jolly good time to me		1
Y'all thought you had a new follower.		1
This administration causes insecurity like no other I've experienced.		1
Wow don't I feel loved		1
Yup, I've been known to have goodluck		1
I love when spiders crawl on me 😒		1
Well that was fun		1
No really its cute how teachers put things on test that they haven't even taught us ahahaha		1
So glad my text messaging isn't working....		1
Trent Richardson. Still as awesome as when he was in Cleveland.		1
Shoutout to UTC for the great cable		1
Just won best parking job of the year		1
Loving this fire drill right now.		1
Looooove how I haven't gotten anything back. 👌		1
After mouthing me for a week straight apologizing so totally makes everything 100% better and were def bffs now!		1
Great girlfriend you got there..		1
Never mind, back at Home Depot... Gotta love it!		1
SWEET MY STRESS ACNE IS COMING BACK THANKS DUDE		1
You are such a badass		1
What a great day!!!		1
3 hour conditioning practice then walking home one of the best days I've had in a while		1
I'll just sit here and buy your shit for you then have you ditch me the rest of the day.. No problem. I'm totally okay with that.		1
My favorite part of high school is when people scream and yell during lunch at the lunch tables. I didn't wanna eat in peace anyway!		1
Josh Groban is in KC on my bday...found my plans.		1
watching my cousin and boyfriend play gta yay 😒		1
Just another boring night of sports		1
Well boys I officially found a way to mess up Hamburger Helper.		1
The way Puig acts is so ridiculous. Way to finally get on base👌 a triple definitely deserved a pimp throw of the bat 😒		1
Stuffed, tired and could use a little pick-me-up now.... More pumpkin pie...		1
Thank you chem professor for scheduling a 8:30 to 10pm review session..		1
To open my backpack or not.......		1
Love when your crabby...		1
I can't wait to see all the twin pics on insta tomorrow		1
My uncle and daddy are watching and listening to the Bulldog radio.		1
Being ignored is dope.		1
Oh gee not like I wanted to talk to you anyways. 😔		1
So stoked to wake up at 545 tomorrow morning to work out		1
Good thing a lot of people can see your tweets!		1
Now i feel so much better...		1
That's some awesome base running!		1
Yay! Government shutdown might end by tomorrow...we can all eat cake		1
My interest in what you have to say May be fake, but my sarcasm is real...seriously....it's real		1
The suits that David Gandy wears are on a new level		1
Oh man you're really blending in there with that camo		1
Also dropped my phone on my face while laying down yesterday and now there is swelling.		1
I love how you don't reply to me when I'm upset		1
HA yes you are totally right		1
13 hour work day tomorrow should be fun...		1
It'd be really nice if these two blistered zits would leave my face and never come again. Ughhhh		1
Why is Alyssa so cool?		1
Oh how I love being short		1
I'm asking *cough*screaming*cough* for help but all my brother is doing is laughing		1
Greyden thinks he's good at basketball.		1
5 foot 6 I think		1
Still have another paper to type, along with questions for business, gotta love college haha		1
Feeling the love from everyone tonight		1
Nobody to talk to... Since Alliyah went to sleep. Cool.		1
I love writing papers. -.-		1
Its always fun when you're huntin and a homeless guy comes right under your stand...		1
Gee I didn't see that one coming!😱		1
If a Library does anything besides put books on shelves it is no longer a library. Obviously duh.		1
I see you're keeping things classy as usual		1
Don't catch a wide open pass its okay		1
I wonder if you know I like you?		1
Gotta love those white lies...		1
I mean, I don't think next weeks Monday Night Football matchup could get anymore exciting...		1
Chemistry test tomorrow! I think I'm ready.		1
I REALLY just really...love being lied to an messed with...		1
Hahaha well that good mood lasted real long.		1
Thanks, mike's car wash, for ripping the tire cover off of my jeep...		1
Thank you, Facebook, for knowing that I need plus size dresses.		1
Haha "going to bed" funny		1
Really feeling the love right now. 👍		1
Please! Please! Everybody stop! I can't handle all these texts at once!!!		1
Hydroplaning half of the way home is always fun.		1
I remembered when I wore a pre tied bowtie		1
How dare Puig disregard the unwritten rules he picked up on from yrs of watching American baseball and a long career in minors		1
Aw man, I missed Halloweentown. Why didn't anyone tell me it was on?		1
all we want is decency		1
My cousin is an asshole to me..		1
Just found a pretty cool pic on my phone 👊👎		1
So I'm gonna be 5'10 with my heels for homecoming...		1
Awwh that's cute that you think I actually care 😌		1
I really enjoyed that long political conversation with my father		1
I mean dang guts cat jokes.... Funniest thing ever.		1
Wilson's so crazy, isn't he guys??? So, so interesting!		1
And now this... 😥		1
Well that's a confidence builder		1
Gotta love having strep for the 5th time 🔫		1
Want to give a shout out to all my friends for returning my texts and calls!!!		1
You know that really just helped my mood.		1
Wow everyone on ask.fm must know everything about me		1
Oh my gosh guys! Puig just broke baseball by flipping his bat. BURN HIM! He's a witch!		1
pissed off to the point that I literally can't even think straight...		1
Yup good talk, good talk.		1
To take the time to do my hair &amp; plan an outfit for tomorrow orrrrr get extra sleep and go the tshirt route as usual		1
I'm loving this no text back👌		1
I'm so glad I went to argo		1
Coming into my own room and being ignored by EVERYONE in here.... The best feeling in the world...		1
I love being mad at the world 👌		1
Thank you for being an uncompromising little be-otch. It makes life SOOOO much more pleasant.		1
You know what I like.. Coming home and being able to get high off of all the second hand smoke coming from my neighbors apartment..		1
Im glad the feelings are mutual...		1
Guys that think they can toss		1
Up in 3 hours... This shall be fun		1
Ahahahaha, your so funny.		1
Functional anatomy practical and forensic psych midterm tomorrow		1
Pleasee bullshit some more		1
I feel the love tonight		1
Looks like an all nighter tonight. Cool.		1
You sure make me happy.		1
Thanks for wishing me luck and asking how my game went tonight! You're such a great friend!! :)		1
Can I leave this screwed up place yet? It's putting to much stress on me, causing me to get bad grades. But thanks for caring		1
Having such a good day..		1
Sure wish I was as funny as Ryan..		1
Rearranged Beatles song from wall hanged clock at doctor's office. Typical day in Japan.		1
6 am practice in the morning! Yay!		1
Lol awe so nice of you to copy my tweet		1
Just what I needed to end my night.		1
Who the FUCK is Benedict Cumberbatch?!		1
Welp, I think I did everything but study tonight..		1
I'm sure ill get that back one day!		1
why can't there be eidy for this eid too... instead my mom tells me you'll get goat.		1
Lol good thing I don't have therapy for another week		1
I love when my sugar drops so low that I feel like I'm going to die and I have to drink practically a whole carton of OJ to get it back		1
Gotta love being the last one picked up..		1
I grew out my beard for Duck Dynasty day tomorrow!		1
I love getting sick from my residents!!!!! &gt;_&lt;		1
Reading about euthanasia.		1
Now its time for my favorite game; Try to fall asleep at a reasonable hour		1
Don't you just love not getting appreciated?		1
So I just love how my boyfriend takes forever to text me back.		1
Oh hey neighbor thanks for selling your house for under market value and completely decimating any progress our neighborhood made.		1
My grammar is so good tonight!		1
I'm on such a roll right now		1
Some "friend" you are		1
What a great night..		1
watching everything backfire in my face has gotta be one of the best things		1
On that PSAT hype!		1
Gage is so sweet to me..		1
Anyone who can tweet and not text back is really cool		1
Ooooooh u changed ur Facebook name u must be nauuuuuughty		1
Well on the bright side I'll be at dub state for the ACT workshop tomorrow. Yay		1
Perfect timing for my phone to break		1
Wow ppl are so original with their tweets		1
Brb crying myself to sleep because you unfollowed me on insta		1
Wow you're so original		1
Sleeping on the couch is so comfy all the time and causes absolutely no back pain!!!!!!!..........		1
Tonight's gone just peachy....		1
This is just how I wanted to spend my night.		1
Gotta love driving home from Mankato in pouring rain and very little gas.		1
They beat the Seahawks and 49ers omg they're going to the Super Bowl		1
Well your just a big'ol bucket of happiness		1
After this barn-burner, I can't wait for next weeks matchup with the Vikings &amp; Giants		1
I love how one thing can change my mood!		1
Glad I got absolutely killed in fantasy football this week...		1
Wish I coulda kissed you goodnight but maybe tomorrow		1
I just love people who are loud, bossy, rude, and full of incorrect information.		1
Can't wait for tomorrow morning when I won't be able to get out of bed because I'm sleep deprived.		1
I absolutely love how my dad is standing right behind me reading all my texts and tweets		1
You make me feel so good about myself!		1
Love how everyone just stops answering my texts all the time		1
Guess you really didnt want to. Such a great night		1
Sometimes I wonder if the girls around here know how STD's are acquired.....		1
Well those two games was totally worth staying up for!		1
Appreciate you lying to me👌		1
That movie was intense!		1
Glad to see that my most favorite part of Red Dead Redemption (random mountain lion encounters) made its way into GTA V.		1
is it just me or is the conversation so much better when it takes the other person 17,000 hours to reply? OMG srsly love it		1
Oh yeah totally feels good to be home...		1
Avoiding someone is always better than confronting them right?		1
Some people tell the best stories		1
I just love how the rain gutter is right next to my window.		1
The chick sitting beside me is wearing the same jacket I am		1
So I'm rely about to drink a redbull at 12:15 to rite a paper that's due tomorrow.		1
I so wanted to come over to sit in here by myself.		1
Today I made a very exciting purchase. It was a 3-pack of Post-It notes. My life is SO exciting.		1
JD came up to my car and said "You and Bri look alike" and my mom said hell no. She loves me		1
What a fantabulous evening this has been.		1
This shit just made my day		1
Good thing I chose to start studying at 10:30.		1
I have to wake up in 5 hrs... Well this is gonna be a good night sleep!		1
Thank you, Room near us that is smoking weed. No, really thank you, I thought our room could use an upgrade in smell.		1
So this cuddle session with this pillow, it's quite amazing haha		1
Wow I feel attractive		1
5&amp;1/2 hours of sleep is going to go great for school&amp;a game tomorrow👌		1
So glad I remembered picture day is tomorrow		1
Dont you just love when your boyfriend is to busy for you?		1
Not. Doing. Cheer. Soorry		1
Midterms are tomorrow, I have yet to actually study them and I'm still up.		1
sooooo we got a new coach tonight..............love her		1
Okay you guys im going to appreciate how hard golf is, and allow myself to get into it,I'm sure it's a lot of fun..		1
Send me game requests in FarmVille so I know it's real..		1
Apparently breathing annoys Madison		1
I seriously watch the most depressing stuff and that helps a lot.		1
Thrilled that 3 hour nap has completely thrown off my internal clock.		1
jeepers creepers... yay ..		1
Chiropractor gave me a list of things what could be wrong and said but if it's none of those, it could be a tumor. 😳😣		1
Chain smoking outside cuz im cool af hahah		1
You know what's fun?! Having a husband with the flu the same week I start a new job!		1
Can't sleep. Tomorrow will be fun.		1
Well my battery is on 13%. I think its time to go to sleep now.		1
Well I mean both of our names DO begin with an "I" sooooooo		1
So hyped for school tomorrow		1
Now I'm pouting		1
I love it when boys don't text back! Just love it 😊		1
Works going to be great tomorrow		1
Making dinner at 10:30 is the best		1
Yes, the world will be a better place simply by sharing a picture on Facebook.		1
Almost forgot to set my alarm for 7:15 am... What a shame that would've been.		1
Uh-oh... It's a no disqualification match. How exiting. Lol		1
I love being your 'bestfriend' when it's only convenient for you.		1
Get off of work which actually went really well and my bike was stollen. Soooo...that's cool.		1
I love how in scary movies, they always have to see what's going on behind a dark corner or where someone got killed		1
Totally ready for this geometry test tomorrow and bio quiz		1
Seriously tho, these special effects are amazing!		1
I love getting up at this time		1
ahhhh another day of work		1
the cherry on top of a fabulous two weeks. and another day at the hospital tomorrow bright an early.		1
Wow I always seem to not be able to sleep at the most convenient times		1
Yey ill on my birthday :D couldnt ask for a better present!!!		1
Ok so the weather for tommorow's matchplay looks really good... Looking forward to 5 hours in torrential rain		1
how thoughtful of the man driving the train to lull us all to sleep with the soothing sounds of the horn. so kind.		1
Just getting off work so that's cool		1
Greater anglia doing a sterling job this week		1
I come up with the best outfits when I crawl out of bed to DD.		1
It's Tuesday again which of course means my train is cancelled. So excited to be late for uni again!		1
Saw another cyclist run with his bike over an extremely busy road junction whilst the light were red.... Turns out its safe that way		1
Two pay days to get all my Christmas shopping.. thats brill		1
Tweet about how I'm so sad it's the last night in my bed and at my house with my family that I love so much		1
What a great day for boat races 😃		1
Treated myself to a velux blind for H's room...		1
I wonder what Christopher Columbus would have said about the government shutdown, seeing as he's the founder of the New World		1
- I'm glad you we're so happy for me lol		1
Well that was a nice 6 and a half hour hospital trip		1
Hello winter, welcome back! So nice to see you again!		1
What a glamorous last evening of fall break.		1
I look goood in black....		1
Ohhh goody mark's equity n trusts lecture soo exciting !!		1
Like ooh they look interesting imma follow them.		1
what a great fall break		1
day off to another fucking good start!		1
Thank you sleeping pill for doing your job...preciate it		1
A bit of attitude in the morning off your daughter, love it		1
Captains and battlefield. Oh the good ol' days.		1
Well I had a great nights sleep		1
Well this is going to be a fun few hours		1
Well today is off to a great start		1
Oh thats just great! Throwing up in the middle of the night with body aches.		1
Tian Tian is not pregnant - repeat		1
When you're on an app for too long &amp; it crashes on you.. Cue to go to sleep		1
Feeling really unsettled today but so much work to do, fun day ahead		1
I love love love getting up super early on freezing cold Monday mornings. It's one of my favourite things!		1
I love not sleeping.		1
The horrible reoccurrence of some things just make life awesome 👌👍		1
It's 4:25 in the morning and I have a biology test that I'm not prepared for at 8. It's just going to be a great day		1
Barely slept last night...should be a great day...		1
Allnighters are always fun		1
I have impeccable timing.		1
No, I'm not cold, I just fancied wearing fingerless gloves to work		1
Lovely sunny day to be sat in the library doing work		1
$50 cab ride later &amp; I'm "home" An the Cards lost... What a lovely night.		1
I need to cut down on my flippancy and sarcasm		1
Getting four hours of sleep was awesome.		1
No study halls today and it's lab day, a great day to start off the week		1
Good thing my roommate is so loud in the morning because I really wanted to wake up at 6am		1
Yes minimum wage goes up by 4p		1
Love mornings like this		1
Hey CNN, I'm glad that Hollywood made movies to give you a segway to explain the Somali pirates and war in '93.		1
that goodnight text &gt; 😂👎		1
Think I'm losing my voice... Good thing I don't need it for work. Oh wait...		1
I love how my phones only at 30% battery		1
I love being used 😊		1
I'm pretty sure that I have like 3 midterms on Friday		1
In uni from 2pm till 6pm with no breaks at all is sound :)		1
A baby has been crying this whole bus journey, the mum decided she was going to phone someone, great parenting!		1
So I'm walking to the bus stop and I'm so tempted to just turn around and go home 😭😴😴		1
Its my favorite day of the week.		1
I got 3 hrs of sleep last night		1
Just seen a 23 incher in a cut corn field. Glad I hunt over a cut corn field.		1
I love waking up this early😁😁		1
Yay for less than 4 hours of sleep 🎉👎		1
Still struggling to finish this 5 page paper. With all the directions we were given it should've been a piece of cake		1
Hahahahaha you're funny..... 😐		1
5hrs of sleep 👌		1
slept in 👏		1
The outfits that the hospital gives you to wear could not be anymore attractive		1
Pumped for work today!		1
We will never sleep, 'cause sleep is for the wea.... Oh wait I just have a demanding job that doesn't allow time to sleep.		1
To whoever is "reporting" to them. Tell him to enjoy his birthday oh and also his date.		1
Please, slam your locker a little louder.👌 😡		1
Everyone on Twitter is so happy this morning		1
Just remembered I have to go in early tomorrow due to 2/4 failed hdds on SQL server.		1
GREAT WAY TO START MY MORNING		1
In July I was wearing sweaters and asking for hotter weather. It's October and there's more hot weather than cold		1
Foot cramp woke me up this morning. Oh how I love them. 😒		1
Not even 5 min to get ready		1
This school bus playing that gas		1
Already a great day Hahahahaha		1
Funny incident today... one faculty just mixed up the original question paper with remedial paper...		1
Nothing like waking up to see a bunch of stink bugs crawling out of your newly washed jeans 😱😰		1
Between the wretched dogs upstairs, and the fact that I can't shut my brain off, this is shaping up into a great morning		1
Only 39 more followers till 400...yahoo		1
looking forwards to this		1
Sat on the goun bk to		1
Great way to start the morning		1
Such a great start to my day		1
Crying at school is always fun 👍		1
What a great way to start off the morning...		1
Glad I didn't actually sleep last night.		1
Yup today has started off great!		1
Uni trip to Tredegar		1
Great start to my day :-)		1
I'm the first one to work... And I'm stuck in the cold...because the door is locked... Yay for today!		1
waking up early for an apt, getting ready &amp; finding out that it is canceled.		1
Great way to start the day.		1
Soooo excited to take this 4 hr test!		1
what a great start to my day		1
Walking away will solve everything...		1
What a great start to my day.		1
The slightest thing goes wrong with my laptop and I phone my dad to ask him what to do		1
I really love getting 4 hours of sleep, going to an 8am math class, being sick, and not being done with classes until 8:15 tonight		1
Everyone has such positive attitudes towards climbing this mountain		1
Early morning dentist appointment yes please		1
A 5 a.m. Football practice, in the rain.		1
Can't wait to drive this car on the expressway		1
Cooking all my meals for about 3 weeks and I've been cleaning all day! I'm going to be an amazing wife someday!		1
Flyers-Nucks tonight... should be fun watching Philly lose again....		1
On my way to the wonderful state of Delaware.. 😕🔫		1
To school I go. Yippeee!		1
Well my morning is starting off great....		1
Math is gonna be so dope!		1
I only slept for 3 hours.		1
This is going to be interesting..		1
I love walking through the halls and smelling burnt hair.		1
Tired, stressed, and scared. 😰		1
My phone shut off on me, and won't turn back on. Now I don't have a working phone until who knows when. This is just great.		1
Awesome start to my day.		1
I love going to the orthodontist....		1
This raincoat is gonna look real cute with my dress today....		1
Hey guys...let's all hold hands and make sister chromatids		1
Cologne in the eye is my favorite way to start the day		1
Perfect. This morning is starting out as awesome as last night ended.		1
Well today is off to an awful start.		1
Gotta love not being able to sleep for a week straight		1
This is all happening because of the This lack of government is killing me!		1
Can't believe it's already Friday!		1
Man dis week just keeps getting better smh		1
What a fantastic start to the day.		1
Today's a busy day for me! And I'm loving it already!....		1
Just realised that next year will basically be a repeat of my year 10 where I had exams both the sessions.		1
No better place to spend the Eid than Hfcc		1
That was a good sleep.		1
the guys at johns creek are so hot		1
Great way to start my morning.		1
I love being at school early.		1
Waited all fall break to do my hw...		1
The bliss when a test is thrown back with the comment: "declined, the code is too shiny" - gotta love that.		1
So, the big winner in all this is Evan Bayh and we get to do it all over again in a matter of weeks. America is going to LOVE it.		1
Having to towel off after walking into school is what I look forward to every rainy day.		1
Teacher is setting the class up to fail. Thanks 👏👏		1
Love being chatted up at the petrol station by 70 year old men..........		1
I just really love band.		1
Weight training twice a day from here on out sounds fun...		1
6 and a half hour shift today... Should be fun -.-		1
Today's already off to a great start		1
Get half an hour of free wifi, yaaaaaaaay!!!!!		1
Aaaah, the speedy and efficient services of a parastatal strike again		1
Smothered in eczema cream looking attractive		1
Way to go. Pissing me off, RIGHT when I wake up.		1
Going to be out of sports for at least 4 weeks.. yay.		1
Can't feel my fingers after that band rehearsal. Nice of fall to show up.		1
So excited to write this paper tonight		1
Waking up this morning was super fun after waking up 5 hrs ago for no reason		1
At the dentist my favorite place to be		1
I love people at times		1
Yay for being sick again 😥😷		1
I love it when I spray myself in the eyes with perfume..		1
No one knows where it went even though I put it back in the holder last night..		1
I just love the internet access in this school. It's so helpful		1
Exciting day at court!!!		1
Our professor just said we could cheat on our test Thursday and she will just look away. What great professors we have here at GRU		1
Please, chew a little louder! Lets see how long it takes before I punch you!!!		1
Sittin on the stage for an hour in Gym is always great.		1
Love jumping fences just so I won't miss my bus		1
my head is full of ghost		1
Woke up freezing. Walked to class in rain. Dropped my coffee on myself. Misunderstood this girl. Now she hates me.		1
And the fact that I'm DEATHLY Terrified by needles that today is soooo going to be fun.		1
How can you come to college and continue to be so prejudice against other groups? You obviously learned nothing. You'll get far.		1
Well this is just peachy......		1
I love having nobody to text		1
Happy 169th Birthday Nietzche! hope god to be with u!		1
nothing like getting a quote for something and having the actual price double. so glad to fund my vet's kid's future tuition.		1
So looks like I'm not going to get to eat or rest at any point today. Should be awesome.		1
One day I would like to meet the person who listens to recorded calls for quality assurance...		1
Car won't start sooooo guess I'm not going to school today!		1
My day consists of R.I.C.E		1
20 minutes late for work...great start to the day		1
stuck in the elevator for over 30 min! omfg all dark &amp; running out of oxygen. awesome		1
The high road has just paid off in the past so many times.		1
Yay for getting sick at work 😩😷		1
Gotta love being ill..		1
So this week I have to perfect the art of being in two places at once. Should be easy enough		1
Having a real blast at woodland care!		1
This is for Natalie she is beautiful same with theanny (;		1
You deff know the true meaning of BEST friends		1
Call my mom to tell her something I'm excited at about and she laughs at me.		1
yay for counting hours		1
Mrs. Wilson is for sure the best teacher!		1
ughh why does sending photo's go so fast --'		1
Still raining. Keeps the mood up		1
Sampson is my fav teacher		1
Your gonna get real far in life at the way your going		1
I could be going to CMJ right now. Instead I'm studying for a test on something I'll never use again in my life. College is AWESOME.		1
The hardest part of waking up is opening my eyes and deciding if class is worth it or not today 😴		1
Time to go to history yaaayy!		1
Well Youmans test was really easy.....		1
Cool story, tell it again.		1
Mr smith was in a good mood this afternoon		1
Administering the ACT PLAN was a new level of fun I wasn't ready for......		1
I love going to school with people that I hate I just enjoy seeing their faces everyday		1
Ok so that monsoon that has happened all day...yeah we played districts in that		1
Waking up freezing and feeling like I'm going to throw up&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; Looks like its gonna be a great day😒		1
I just love waking up with migraines		1
I love agonizing over how to pay our bills while our federal gov't continues to talk in circles like a bunch of little boys!!		1
This is just what I needed today.		1
but when I need advice or help. where are you? not texting me back.		1
I love being a bus wanker!		1
Thanks for pissing me off this morning!		1
All my classes are cancelled for the rest of the day. What a bummer		1
Had a good ole blowout on the way to the chiropractor &amp; this morning just happened to be in the low 40's. Well that was a fun fix.		1
Paying credit off		1
These American nurses are geniuses, they've been here only day and they already have all the answers! 1		1
I'm in middle school.... This is wonderful!		1
working a double today, how fun...		1
I sure love family gossip.		1
I'm not even tired		1
So glad you said that..		1
Nice of y'all to show up to dance this morning! 😑		1
My bottom left wisdom tooth is deciding to come in some more, thats cool I love when my mouth hurts so much I can barely eat 😡😡		1
Gotta love the Brownies and work rush on a Tuesday.		1
Lol at the fact that my gate is the last one in the damn terminal &amp; I'm carrying luggage that weighs more than I do. Ily LAX		1
Set my alarm for pm, late to class, torrential downpour occurs, no umbrella all within 15 minutes=great start to a super awesome day		1
Chem lab on Titrations, Chem Exam and then Math test.... What a great day		1
You know those days where you wake up and hate everyone? Yeah that's my life.		1
thanks twitter for getting me Jamba Juice this morning		1
Don't you just love getting that no-introduction-bodycheck? Nice to meet you, too. Get a good look there, honey?		1
Great situation to be in at this point, thanks for the support.		1
Test corrections after school...yay		1
Parents evening now		1
I love getting home from class to find the fire alarm going off		1
S/o to senora harris for making me feel good about myself in spanish this year!!		1
SHOCK NEWS - appeal against Kayode Odejayi's red card at Wimbledon has been unsuccessful		1
Today is just SUCH a great day.		1
running on 4 hours of sleep today👌👍		1
Bottle of wine gonna cost 50c more hmmm €5 for a bottle now soooo dear		1
Because walking barefoot in the parking garage is a good idea		1
Hoban's administration sure knows how to pick their battles		1
i wish a girl would try texting my boyfriend.		1
ready to be back in the great 662		1
Getting my wisdom teeth out this weekend....my life is so great right now		1
18 in less than 6 and a half hours aaaaaaaah		1
So popular today had zero texts woohooo go me and my heap loads of pals!		1
I wish my parents were the ones that could sit and listen. Not being able to hear you out and jump down your throat is so much better.		1
Why is Lampard not playing today, we need to win and we drop him, well done Roy		1
I just loveeee the train. Love love love!		1
I'm glad your joke about my brother totally made sense..		1
Your a terrible wrestler learn how to perform moves and not show your cleavage 24/7!!! all you do is come out acting like your amazing!		1
Sometimes I'm so funny I piss my pants		1
I just love getting sick every 20 minutes		1
Getting a new top retainer		1
Gotta love when you feel like crap👍😊		1
Good thing I came to class today... Impromptu speeches.		1
I loooove when my parents talk me down, makes me wanna do SOOO much better ...		1
Being ignored is a lovely feeling..		1
I love having bad days.		1
From what twitter says, it looks like everyone is in a FANTASTIC mood back at MHS today!		1
My week just keeps getting better.		1
I love the blah - blah answer! Awesome!		1
Please, blast your conference call so we can all hear. It's not annoying at all.....		1
Super noodles for when I'm feeling super shit		1
just slipped and fell down a mud slide so that's pretty cool		1
What a nice phone call I got on my birthday		1
Time to watch 15 youtube videos on IR and NMR spectrometry		1
Over the moon with working a 11 hour shift on Monday and now a 16 hour on Tuesday. Great times		1
Yay studying chem all day		1
Ugh excuse me whilst I throw up cus your just Too.Fucking.Cute		1
Not in the best of mood.. I can't wait until work		1
Bigger, faster, always better!		1
When Starbucks gives me a stupid mocha instead of my salted caramel.... Wow		1
OMG I love my new spot to sit in Forensics		1
today I've been playing Black Flag really load to make up for the fact that I watched The Swan Princess last night		1
Spilling chemicals on myself during bio lab...just how I like to start every day.		1
Today so far has been filled with tears, anger and jealousy. Ah the joy		1
My favorite thing ever is when I get a snapchat but it doesn't come up when I open the app.		1
All i do is Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish		1
What a fun geography trip		1
Shame jealousy is such a bitch tbh, aw poor you:( diddums		1
Goin to be a great rest of the semester		1
tell me more about your problems..		1
Love writing fiesty Irish folks. Cos it's so far from the reality		1
There were three jackets for me to choose from at TJMaxx ... what a fucking great selection we have here!!!! ...		1
I'm so ratchet right now and I probably won't even fix that before work because I love my job so much		1
Waiting on class		1
The weather is perfect today. I seriously love getting soaked while walking across campus 😄😩😐		1
Girl who looks like she's 19 talking about her "fiance" in class. I bet you feel so special dropping that word.		1
It's always lovely when the shower turns off in the middle of your shower...		1
Atleast there's a lot of food left		1
Hmm to do homework on this rainy day or to drink my coffee and snuggle up in bed and watch vampire diaries...		1
Ya sometimes I come to the gym to facetime too		1
Tomorrow I have off it's going to constist of nothing but homework and cleaning.		1
I couldn't ask for better weather		1
The kid with the blowout is wearing a Marijuana tee shirt...I underestimated him kids prob gonna be the next president		1
Splatter pants, black beanie, green baseball t style shirt, tribal pattern boots, and zebra backpack. Settin the style bar high at Csu		1
So homecoming court turned out to be another popularity contest..what a freaking surprise 😒		1
I just love liars.		1
I like how one single person ruins your whole day...		1
Yeah I totally knew everything on neikirks test.....		1
This day keeps getting better		1
What does the fox say?		1
I wish my dad would b here for me when I need him. But instead he doesn't txt me back when I tell him I need him. Makes me feel amazing		1
I love how target has 18 registers but only has 2 open.		1
So looking forward to court in December.		1
the year is 2048 twerking has become a sport, the seas are now made of starbucks, and ugg boots are required by law.		1
I'm SO glad people have so much faith in me. It's great		1
oh yes, love that feeling of popping over that tiny bone in my heel		1
Have Hannibal as Will's therapist.. Now that's a great idea		1
Gotta love the ignorant fucks of Gary, Indiana		1
As a true noob my picks of Ryan Kesler, Scott Hartnell, and Tim Thomas are looking great right now		1
Some crowd in the aviva tonight be god. Atmosphere be electric		1
loved finding that out👍		1
Mom has a total of 7 followers		1
Wonder how far the Polish had to travel to wembley		1
I just love working a double on my birthday		1
Anatomy lab time!!!		1
You think your cool		1
England's about to start and I'm working until ten		1
Aww, don't you just love Twitter - I enjoy nothing more than reading the stereotypical, prejudice tweets about Polish people.		1
Fair play to all the 18,000 plus Polish fans travelling all the wau over for the match......		1
Mental how the poles drowned out the English anthem 😳		1
Gerrard started well again		1
I love walking back to my room in the rain		1
This humidity is doing wonders to my hair		1
Girls are so much more attractive when they talk shiz to each other.		1
I get sick enjoyment on writing a paper, that's not mine, about capitalism and Karl Marx. I'm every mans wet dream.		1
Well this has been a fun day on Capitol Hill.		1
Well Smalling has had a good start		1
I'm sure the government is gonna be terrified about a couple of douches from sandusky ohio are tweeting anti government shit		1
Totally buzzing to go to school. tomorrow		1
I hope later, i can put a normal act in welcoming my visiting parents, since clearly, i am just about to get enough hours of sleep.		1
I just feel lovely today.		1
Lol I can't wait to get yelled at when I get home.		1
What a miss Danny welbeck		1
oh goodness, I forgot, the slut holiday is coming up.. woo.		1
OH in the airport: Tell me you took the cat for a walk every night. That park across the street was made for that.		1
Love being locked out!		1
College Is more important than work		1
So looking forward to getting my maths and Spanish exam results tomorrow		1
Welbeck really doing well tonight.		1
And I work till 9:30 smoothhhh......		1
Can see Adam Johnson waltzing back into this England team		1
I think we need to bring on Cleverley to add some quality to the midfield.		1
All my coworkers are getting sick. I love when people sneeze on the papers I'm holding		1
I love being subtweeted on my personal.		1
just love my dog coming into my room to piss everywhere		1
sick of being reminded everyday that people don't like me.		1
Full bars and 4G but will not send texts.		1
That's not annoying or anything...		1
Looks like are going to win the world cup next year ;)		1
Wow thank you so much for that inspirational tweet to always be happy, that just solved all my problems and ill never be sad again		1
Seniors skipping today when it wasn't even senior skip day and saying it was senior skip day...		1
Tonight's joy, cleaning and shaving a dogs bottom.		1
You're such a good friend.		1
so glad that i managed to run over a nail last night.		1
Such a beautiful day out.		1
Joe hart fills me with confidence		1
Apartment searching in Berlin is fun!		1
Cultures test 👸🔫🔫 good thing ms Riley is a good teacher ......		1
Couldn't come home for Homecoming or my moms birthday and I won't be able to be there for Thanksgiving! So college is great!		1
Good Wellbeck and Sturridge link up there.		1
Love when my Whatsapp won't connect........		1
oooohhhh ref, aren't I allowed to barge into an England player? Yes of course you are mr Poland bloke		1
Thanks for your help San Marino! Much appreciated.		1
Love it when whatsapp breaks		1
My time line is all about what's app, interesting		1
Professor gave us a break 10 minutes before the tigers start. Yeah I'll be right back		1
So excited about the 4 essays I have to write for psych tomorrow...		1
So excited to be just chilling here by myself at Union Station for the next half hour! The best part? Going back to Waterloo.		1
I'm glad no one tried to fight me today in class...I really dodged a bullet with that one		1
This lady just made us all buckle up on super shuttle		1
C.b.a to put on a small I can't be something I am not		1
This is thrilling stuff		1
I love putting people up for secret tests and watching them fail 		1
There's no better background noise for working, than the sound of screaming, whistling fans and a monotone football commentary		1
Putting 100 % effort in and feeling like you're getting 0% back is fab		1
Gym was fun today		1
Up, dressed and ready to go for the day. And it's not even 7.30am yet. And I hardly slept all night.		1
Can't even express my love for Betty's 1		1
Well i hope your happy!		1
WOW 👏 YOU 👏 ARE 👏 SO 👏 NICE 👏		1
My day just keeps getting better		1
10 minutes later "Download Complete" F(ank) U very much dstv.		1
Real Madrid have reportedly lodged a £92m bid andros Townsend.		1
Wow, Emblem3, that was a really exciting interview you just gave on Kiss 98.5...		1
I love working on Property Management papers...		1
Wtf are khakis and why do I need to purchase them for work.		1
Welbeck for man of the match. Been a masterclass from the lad.		1
I have such supportive friends when times are tough..		1
i'm a rational person, but that SR interview is definitely a call for war from creepy n dumb fans		1
Well that's just great! They don't really know what's wrong with me!		1
What a pass by milner, always liked him.		1
WE ARE GOING TO WIN THE WORLD CUP!		1
I love how every Tiger game on Tuesday happens during my physics lecture and lab		1
England have won the World Cup		1
Jealousy.. Hmmm no girls ever experienced that before ✋🙈		1
I've got a funny feeling it might be England's year		1
Well thanks for the best fall break ever...		1
So lost all my bets!		1
Whoo can't wait to work!		1
That Really Showed How Much You Care ..		1
Say no to love triangle .... its not soap opera from creepy n dumb fans		1
Excted for this PSAT tomorrow.		1
Love all the feedback I got from my video		1
It has to be make sense from creepy n dumb fans		1
Boy do I just love doing homework...		1
I love the show, love the cast and crew, too bad the storyline is getting suck each week from creepy n dumb fans		1
I don't see how we can't win the World Cup after that!		1
Is Geordie Shore on? Oh I didn't know		1
There is NO ONE in the dorms right now.		1
My "mom" is not a blessing. Sorry		1
went to the library after school today, all we did was talk to the librarian about going out		1
Roy keane is such a cheerful jovial pundit		1
Health care fuck ya		1
That lady was a peach 🍑		1
You sure know how to make someone feel great!		1
Fire the hitting coach!!!!		1
Wow, your life is just SO interesting!		1
Back to work at 6		1
Good thing I work 25 hours within the next 4 days		1
Knowing that oomfs said that really hurts.. Cause you really cared		1
I can't wait for it to winter. It's going to be cold and gloomy, just like my soul.		1
everyone keeps tweeting about how good their weekend is gonna be, whilst im gonna be sat at home playing guitar... CANT WAIT!		1
Nothing like feeling like a piece of shit. I fucking love it.		1
Love daylight savings, that 6am flight to be in Sydney for 9am meeting, now leaves at 5am		1
I've never seen this class so full but I guess test days are the best days		1
I just love being in an ill mood right before I have to go be nice to people at work		1
Today has been just fabulous!		1
The wife expects me know how long it takes to build a conservatory, as a Train Driver I think I could give a expert option		1
I just love running on the track while the football players are all practicing		1
Killed that science test		1
Real athletes play golf and are the pit crew at nascar		1
Can't wait to get my blood drawn		1
This should be fun...		1
Good to see professionalism is alive and well in the workplace.		1
Some people have such hard lives		1
what a rip for the first hit of the game		1
Stephen Drews avg in the post season is incredible...		1
you ruined my entire mood today.		1
77 followers phwoaar		1
No no it's fine we weren't supposed to leave 5 minutes ago. Please, keep talking I dot have stuff to do or anything.		1
A few days ago, France beat Australia 6-0. Today, Australia won against Canada 3-0. I definitely live in a soccer country.		1
love when my mom consistently ignores my calls		1
I honestly don't understand why people air their dirty laundry on social media.		1
Laying in bed doing nothing is pretty awesome		1
Having size 13.5 is great to find shoes in every store you enter		1
Well today was just amazing.		1
I just love writing college essays		1
I love my spots:) They're so attractive:) Don't know what I'd do without them:)		1
I don't even listen to my parents, you really think I'm gonna listen to you?		1
MIddle school is sooo much fun!!!		1
fuuto in the shower		1
Come home from uni to find a the odd items cling filmed up in my room.		1
Yay for losing my voice!!		1
Oh I guess ur sneaky		1
Wow my hair always looks so pretty when going to dance		1
There are 3 people in line at the post office and its taken me 20 min to get to the front		1
Yes please sit by me.		1
Thanks for driving right by me and not offering me a ride.		1
My parents really know how to make me feel special on my birthday 😒😂		1
Honestly, I'm drowning in homework. Good thing I have to go to work for 5 hours... 😒😩		1
the Fall 2013 day I've been most dreading is over!		1
Kim Kardashian donated all that moola from her auctioned engagement ring to charity. way to Kim!		1
after two hours of basketball this game is gonna be awesome		1
Sure one more thing to deal with will be just fine.		1
WooHoo so excited for this Cal midterm!		1
Thanks EVERYONE for tweeting the exact same thing about the Mike Allen case.		1
It's nice to know that you guys talk bad about me behind my back. You're such good friends		1
Being the fourth wheel is awesome!		1
I'm must I'm pretty attractive when I'm running.. 🏃👟👟		1
Absolutely fucked after 5's... Work should be fun tomorrow		1
What a lovely fun filled night☺️		1
Its cool keep acting like you don't know me. I love it!		1
Homework or another episode of criminals minds.... Such a hard decision. Whatever will I do?		1
And the flight is delayed. Awesome.		1
first step is to start my homework though		1
You know its a good night when you walk home on your own at 11.30pm pretty drunk and just sit in your room solo		1
yay phil coke is warming!! That raises my spirits by so muchhhh		1
Don't worry Dirks and Austin up soon.		1
Wow thanks for all the help.		1
Deer in the same spot as the other day.. 176 yards away.		1
a conversation and keep u up later...I hope I didn't pay taxes for them to come up with that.		1
Awe Ozil is injured what a Shame		1
First practice went good👍🏀 .. Now time for this stupid mediation thing with my roommates and RA this should be good lol		1
Absolutely love how my car won't start!		1
I like how I only exist every few months.		1
When you take off your shoes after a long day of walking in them, &amp; yo feet smell like doritos😂😂		1
This day just keeps on getting better.		1
I love how Winnipeg drivers know how to merge		1
Let me tell you how prepared for this PSAT I am.		1
JUST WANTED TO THANK BRESLOW AGAIN FOR WALKING JACKSON. THANKS BUD		1
I can't believe Torii Hunter celebrated like that after a base hit. What a disgrace to the sport.		1
Can't wait for PSAT'S tomorrow		1
Boston doesn't deserve to win.. if they would've woke up on Sunday, we'd be in a 2-1 situation.. way to go bullpen.		1
PSAT tomorrow ... Yey.		1
What great friends you are.		1
Dear sorority girl in an oversized tshirt and shorts, you sure were smart in your outfit choice today.		1
Making flash cards for Spanish		1
I love spending date night alone.		1
Thank you Obama.It makes so much sense to make everyone completely dependent on the government and tripling healthcare prices.		1
Tired but I haven't used up enough energy to sleep :/ buzzing for uni 9-5 tomorrow!		1
My phone is jut exploding from all the texts I'm receiving right now it's crazy!!!		1
Tigers are looking good.		1
I get into my bed nice and cozy and what do I hear bzzz ter is s fly in my room		1
Well that wasn't awkward		1
Can't wait for this tarp pull in the dark		1
Habs Vs Jets		1
I'm so excited for my midterm tomorrow!!		1
I think it's funny how, you can judge me behind my back, then you act like your so innocent and did nothing wrong..		1
I lost my phone and there's no internet at my house this is the best and is also very convenient.		1
Not everybody text me once. I mean my phone can't handle it!		1
Lol let's see what tomorrow brings us		1
Hunters safety is sooo fun		1
Lovin' the confidence boost		1
I just love spending the whole day alone		1
Just a standard Tuesday...		1
The walking dead and English have such strong ties!		1
500th tweet o shit bad ass		1
Boy, Erin Andrews really asks the hard hitting questions, doesn't she?		1
Glad I get geometry		1
And that is why people call you a douche bag.. Great reputation! 👍😃		1
Thoroughly enjoy seeing your face RT'd on my timeline -___-		1
Wow that just made my mood so much better.		1
Thank you dad for puting Nic's dirtbikes on my dance mat		1
Yayyy....next three hours will be spent learning western civilization part 2. Whoop whoop.		1
Hmm... I bet this is going to go over good!		1
Also, don't you just LOVE hold music		1
Just went into the movies just to buy popcorn		1
Well at least it's not rain and cold out today		1
I've always been there for you, now I need you and you're not there.		1
Things just keep getting better and better..		1
Never saw that one comin		1
It's never normal... It's always someone whose really weird or it's a girl. Gotta love the people I meet during volleyball!		1
I just fucking love when my game lags!!!		1
I love rushing to get somewhere early and then have to wait for it to start		1
I have some nice ass friends..		1
I love walking around campus by myself at night		1
Literally styling little girls all night gave me a head ache! Now I gotta study for the rest of the night. Yayyy		1
I really love how Im the only single one of my friends		1
Tonight has been fun		1
Unexpected essay tests are always nice		1
Well that was a strong start		1
I love how I always start the conversation!!!:)		1
Everyone loves a tattletale lol		1
There's a shock the Cardinals go down in order in the first inning in LA.		1
study hall with 15 sweaty guys all in a tiny room... we are gonna learn so much		1
Im such a happy camper right now		1
My boy's favorite player scored for Chile! He's going to be happy tomorrow		1
Really enjoying doing laundry right now...		1
Wow this day has been great!!		1
realizing you mean honestly nothing to that one person...		1
Thanks for the invite!		1
Crying is always a great way to end the day ;(		1
😂😂 . Big boy be saying I look like Manny Fresh .		1
love all the pink hat girl sox fans coming out of the woodwork		1
Man I'd like to have a cold beer w Obama		1
that makes soooo much sense.		1
what a great play by Phaneuf		1
Lapierre is a saint what are you people talking about...		1
I'm uber tired too lol but ots okay cuz I'm off friday which means party all night thursday cuz that's when people party and hangout!!!		1
Yeah because that's a fucking smart idea...		1
oh newspapers, how we'll miss your journalistic integrity.		1
Brittany is so nice to me!		1
Math homework is always the best part of my day		1
Why are the sabres so good!!		1
Oh, I'm not sarcastic at all		1
What a great friend I have		1
"Get over it." Now what a great idea, sure didn't of that..		1
Hockey practice with the most confident man ever; matt reynolds		1
Stubbing your toe so hard that it bleeds &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
This weeks gonna be so much fun		1
SO EXCITED FOR MORNING PRACTICE!!!!		1
maybe if I stay up all night and work all day my immune system will heal itself?		1
Once again lol what a suprise		1
I love when people assume it's so great		1
when you text someone and they don't text you back and you KNOW they saw it:D		1
I really love getting headaches everyday		1
Today has been just a fucking fantastic day!		1
I love how often my piercing bleeds..		1
Oh no I'm scared...		1
Is she actually wearing high tops to her wedding		1
Love when my girlfriend does thing when she doesn't text me back 👌		1
Today was probably the worst day and Martin just had to make it so much better		1
I really love playing right bench in volleyball, its so much fun! I especially love it when im playing it all 5 games! So intense!😌		1
I love side effects 😍		1
If you go through my tweets you will see how good I am at spelling		1
Way to go Ricky...		1
Well that was a good talk.		1
Oh your a hair dresser how exotic ....		1
Mattingly manager of the year.		1
About to clean my room how fun !		1
I also love not hanging out with you and u not even trying to hangout		1
Unfollowed? Oh yeah, that hurts real bad.		1
Thanks for sayin youll always be there		1
I make the prettiest faces on snapchat.		1
And now I have food poisoning..		1
What a great idea....		1
Three hours sleep, now wide awake. Love it.		1
It was so fun trying to brush my hair after the game 😅🔫		1
This night has just been swell		1
Me neighbor has what sounds like a rave party every night. Real cool		1
Glad we're on the same page		1
Love sitting by myself		1
Because ya know, every god damn thing you hear these days is true.		1
If we have problems it's not real until I indirectly tweet you about it		1
Whenever I sing in the shower I become an international pop star.		1
I seriously feel like no one in theatre likes me..		1
Wow this mock trial seems soo fun!		1
and fit in at or		1
Oh how I love my washing machine		1
Watching you argue with your ex on twitter is so amusing, pls continue.		1
I love when people say they are twinning, but the only thing that is the same is that they are both wearing leggings.		1
I am going to LOVE writing this 13 page research paper over my fall break.		1
Taking a practice test for PSAT is a great way to end my night!!		1
Wow. My day was amazing. I shattered my phone and then I just fell in the shower and hurt my knee!!! Just a great day!		1
I enjoy having poison ivy more then anything, it's absolutely amazing!!!		1
He ketch feelings... Sad...		1
Now days dese hoes haven babbies from dese niggas n THANK dats gone make him stay		1
i now have to teach myself everything thing we learnt in geo because we were barley taught it, this is going to be fun.		1
I'm so excited for the PSAT tomorrow morning.		1
That essay flow&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
Totally love when a teacher makes me feel like an idiot		1
Having a sore neck in the morning... Is a great way to start the day.		1
Super excited to find out what branch of the military best suits me tomorrow!		1
no pls take 4 years to reply to my texts, I insist		1
Looks like ill be spending the rest if the night in the ER yayyyyyyy....		1
Used my makeup brush to finish my painting. It's great that my $400 art kit has quality brushes.		1
Its about that time of night.		1
I'm not sure what is it about people thinking they're on top of the world when they post/talk ab how inebriated they get.		1
I texted you bc I didn't want you to reply.		1
soo, thanks for being there for me		1
I think my favorite part of work was when I dropped my key down the drain. That was pretty cool.		1
The good thing about the PSAT tomorrow is that I get to sleep in. Thank God I live closer to AuGres.		1
The feeling of being replaced is great.		1
You guys are soo cuteeee!		1
I think the 90's are making a comeback.		1
I'm sooo ready for the PSAT's tomorrow		1
Well your a nice best friend		1
This is the last time im asking you this: Put my name on the top of your list?		1
Love when I have to park half way across campus...		1
Being confused is always fun.		1
Ppl who be talkin shit but won't even say it to you &lt;&lt;&lt;		1
I like how my professor tells us we have an exam 2 days before it. Like thanks dude.		1
Well.. That was nice of you to say to me out of NOWHERE		1
Sleeping in my little brothers queen size bed tonight or my twin hmm now that's a tough decision		1
Basically lost no weight in 2 weeks. Go me ...		1
Being one ethnicity must be so boring.... I mean, no one to call you halfie?! How do you guys do it?		1
How cute		1
Got one more mid term		1
Paige just told me she thinks I have a fever...just what I wanted to hear		1
Just choked oon water and fell to the ground as my family continued what they were doing....		1
So our basement flooded today and now we don't have water till tomorrow so as you can tell I'm in a really good mood		1
psats tommoro, what a good way to start a day		1
Wide awake and feeling pretty awful. Can't wait for uni in the morning.		1
Why is there pizza and meat lasagna and wine at this crunch gym? Lovely smells wafting everywhere		1
I like how you only talk to me when you have a boyfriend..		1
I hate it when I have to explain "Simpson's Reference" jokes!		1
Thanks for looking over my shoulder while I'm watching walking dead on my computer and telling me who dies.		1
This day just keeps getting better and better!		1
The are 3 points out of the playoffs!		1
My mom literally just got mad at me for having a sore throat and yelled at me to get better		1
Tumbling on a sprained wrist.... Every cheerleaders dream		1
Yeah because I just love being hung up on.		1
My hair is looking amazing in these snapchats.		1
I love people who don't answer texts, but can snapchat		1
So I'm ignorant because I have different views than people and I accept that? Hmmm okay didn't know that's how it works now		1
No class until Monday !! Wow what a long break		1
Whattaaa friend you are.		1
Next National Merit scholar right here guys		1
David Freese grounds into a double play. SHOCK AND AWE		1
3rd surgery for this shit next week. So pumped.		1
I'm not friendzoned every girl just loves me so much that they couldn't handle me as their boyfriend!!!		1
almost just forgot to set my alarm for school that would've been a bummer		1
Feeling the love from the world today		1
Oh shit he called him a Democrat!! Ooo kill 'em		1
I love how everyone in Cincinnati misses me.		1
Oh Dyer.. You are so bad at being clear on what to study		1
Wow I wish I had friends		1
so excited to have another year of an awful school picture 👌		1
Of course I get stuck with "That Girl Who is Obsessed With Horses" as my partner for my Theatre class.		1
I love how you can see people are ignoring you because they're liking stuff on Instagram still an hour or two later lol		1
it feels great to be overlooked all the time		1
Bouchard is awesome! Yeah lets keep him on the the top two lines!		1
It's been nice talking to you today.		1
Getting the silent treatment is always my favorite. 👌		1
I love it when you do this.		1
Wow! Everyone is so hyped for the PSAT tomorrow 😊		1
Loves how some teachers put zeros in for when you're gone and make you worry		1
Sick and still gotta go to school tomorrow 👍👍👍👍		1
Gotta love those two faced people.		1
I feel as if this year is just going to keep getting better and better		1
I love being your second girl bestfriend on snapchat haha		1
This day just keeps getting better and better.		1
Love bruised knuckles 😸✊		1
Just in the door, works going to be fun in 3 hours!		1
One cycle just kicked my butt.		1
Thanks BL for telling me to keep my 50th anniversary t-shirt!		1
What a great ending to the day		1
Thanks for making my day brighter....		1
wow look at all my friends caring about me 😄 hah		1
Some people just arent wortj the time		1
Love showing up to things that are over		1
Pleasee go back to her lol I mean it worked out the first how many times right?		1
am I making you mad? cause that's exactly what I'm trying to do 👌		1
Overdosing on cough medicine tonight perfect timing		1
i guess it's time to do physics........................		1
that flat tire today was awesome 👌		1
Hmm.. Study or watch the cardinals?		1
Lying to me and dumping me for my sister's best friend way to		1
End it with a tear👌		1
Good thing I showed up for this.		1
I just love being the youngest in my family.		1
Text me then don't reply? Yeah I love when that happens.		1
Cant wait till next episode		1
Yay hope I go to bed at am again 1		1
Love it when a natively-wrapped web app freezes and I can scroll the entire UI instead of a tableView. Because wrapping HTML rocks		1
Does anyone love me ?? No? Okay fine with me.. love being a loner..		1
I would just like to brag about how loyal my friends are for not replying to any of my texts love you guys😘		1
I can't wait to go to school tomorrow and hear about everyone's amazing homecoming weekends 😑		1
Good thing everything in my life goes the way I planned....		1
EXPLORE testing tomorrow. Then a 4 hour Common Core inservice Woohoo!!!		1
This 2 year old should be fun to break		1
Wow what a great way to end the season... 2nd concussion in 3 weeks		1
Considering the fact that i cant fall asleep, i can tell the ACTs are gonna go reeeaaallllyyy well tomorrow		1
Thx Mikki for copying my tweet 😒👊		1
I can't sleep, great! 😃		1
WAY TO BE THERE.		1
I hate that feeling when you want to cry but you just can't.		1
This AlcoholEdu shit &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; thanks Radford..		1
My time here is up, thanks for the wake up call, Reality.		1
My life's just great &lt;&lt;		1
That was a fun 4 hours of organic chemistry		1
I see maturity levels are at an all time high today		1
Welcome back school stress you've been dearly missed		1
i aint even mad though .		1
Puig was so clutch there, with that double play.		1
For me, today consists of a job interview and a date. Planning nerveracking things on one single day is what I'd call		1
Wtf I look like getting back to a has-been...		1
Man, when was the last time the were one win away from the World Series? It seems like forever ago.		1
on the plus side, my mom is coming Saturday morning		1
Craving something sweet And of course we have nothing sweet at all. What a surprise!		1
I love being treated as an option.		1
Yay. Danny Briere is the most talented goal scorer the have seen in a long time.		1
Over a 2 hour commute for a 50 min day at school. Productive day		1
She's sore dramatic ne? Kinda like gum pain but what can a man say? Gotta keep chewing crap stain....		1
Annnddd my roommate just left her house and she has a 4 hour drive.. oh and thanks for texting me and not our friend down the hall		1
It's just a little chilly guys..		1
Ayyye PSAT at 8 In the morning on the first day we've had off of school		1
I love when your having a conversation and the person stops replying		1
Wow I'm going to be in a great mood tomorrow.		1
Seeing that just put me in a great mood.		1
I love feeling like this.		1
That is gonna make this the worse birthday ever		1
I love getting hit on by all the strange guys that work the fair ..		1
Blahh.. another great night!		1
So excited for the PSATs tomorrow		1
subban is at best the 7th dman		1
I love having dry skin		1
Me and my best friend are strangely similar which is good cause we get each other but bad because of how dark we are		1
Well that project was fun		1
Thanks Vel. Your the best.		1
I love when I lay down and get comfy...then realize I didnt wash my face...		1
Going to bed pissed off .. yay!!		1
My eyes are gonna be all swollen and icky tomorrow. ..yay		1
Love getting little beads of glass shot into my eyes and mouth.		1
Guess I better get another coon dog.. Lol		1
So glad I have classes 8am-3:15 tomorrow and I'm still awake		1
You should feel special. Because my 2,000th tweet means soooo much.		1
Welp.. his parents not gonna like me.		1
Yeah I can totally see just how mature you are!		1
Ethan wetting the bed and Charlie's nappy leaking is just what I need at 5am		1
Yeah, you're "southern". I'll take your word on that.		1
Good to know you care..		1
I am so ready for dress for success👔		1
Without the color guard, that would have been terrible.		1
Well.... that went better than I thought.. -		1
Thanks for letting me down		1
Yeah..reading The Shining before bed is such a good idea..		1
My family always makes me feel so good about myself👌		1
727- Always make me laugh in Photo!. That creepy girl is cool Af.		1
Funny how time worked on this one.		1
Words cannot describe how excited I am to wake up at 5:30 to piss in a cup infront of someone...		1
I love early mornings !		1
I forget how comfortable busses are		1
Love only having 3 hours sleep		1
if I fall asleep right now I'll get 5hrs of sleep which is just enough to get me through 14 hours at school tomorrow		1
parents are in LA		1
You know your cool when you think the doors open and you walk into it because your in the middle of a tweet.		1
Good thing I stayed up.		1
So this is a little late, but gee thanks fire alarms for going off while I was in the shower!!!		1
Yay for brace face for the rest of high school!		1
&amp;&amp; my knee is swollen so I can hardly walk? I have 2 test tomorrow and work? It's gonna be a wonderful day tomorrow		1
I love getting back to my room at 1215 am to start my homework		1
Well that was a great conversation.		1
On way to work foggy as hell and forgot my high vis what a great start		1
But thank you " friend " for caring. Means a lot.		1
I really love when I'm trying to watch Hulu and the ADPi internet decides to go out every 5 minutes.		1
I can't wait to be at school for a million hours tomorrow		1
I was having a pretty good night until I saw that, thank you very much for that		1
I love how my phone goes out just when im about to text or instagram, its like that little fucker knows :)		1
Well excited for work today!		1
Maxim LaPierre sure did a good job playing it safe and fair.		1
Just how I wanted to end my day		1
Cant wait to walk in that rain		1
stoked to take the psat tomorrow...ha ha ha ha ha ha ha		1
Firing lavy was such a great decision		1
I should've been sleeping like 4 hours ago!		1
Love the feeling of seeing that it's 5 hours until my alarm goes off		1
My sleep cycle is so messed up.		1
looks like iam gonna be in the office all day tomorrow ;D		1
Eating alone is my fave.		1
How I love laying in bed thinking about my 8 am...must be too excited to sleep!		1
Nice day for it		1
The joy of getting ready in the morning		1
Playing in that ran shall be mighty		1
Work till 7...		1
It's amazing how successful you can be when you do your homework. I never do my homework. Well my future is looking bright!		1
So I'm thinking that if I could get 74 in trials on one night study I'm def gonna get 99 with a week of study!		1
This weather is just beautiful		1
Can't wait for the commute to Swansea in this weather this morning!		1
Love a traffic jam in the morning! 😤		1
Bus stops are SO fun in the rain :D		1
Wow that made me the happiest person in the world		1
There's nothing like a passive aggressive tweet to get me to RT something		1
this is gunna be such a fab day off		1
I seem to have developed a caffeine intolerance. Oh, this is going to be fun.		1
My jaw is killing me!!! I just love this pain, sure am glad my jaw got broke 22 yrs ago.		1
Chemo today, woo so excited		1
Loves working outside in this weather..		1
Wow... You are SOOOOO cool... I wish i could be as good as you		1
My hair looks so nice when I fall asleep just out of the bath when it's still wet		1
I have to wake up in four hours so my solution is to eat baked hot Cheetos. That seems smart		1
okay thats cool too. thanks for the reassurance so i know that we're friends.		1
Are you ready for Taxation? Yes I am.		1
Sounds like there is great team harmony at the Brisbane Lions right now.		1
people taking 2-3 days off for eid then just getting dressed up to sit at home. what's the point.		1
Love sleeping through my alarm		1
How can you forget the key to your lock up when the only aim of the day is to move house? Sat in Crewe		1
It's days like these that I'm really glad we have all weather pitches		1
Yea 5am is always a good time to go to bed		1
Dying with a cold.. car stuck in a flood.. starvin marvin.. exam in an hour.. was woken at 3 in the morning..		1
Well that's just an awesome fucking sound to wake up too		1
A mosquito problem at 5 AM in mid-October is just what I need. It's ideal, really.		1
sat in college doing lots of maths and art yaaaay		1
word problems na. yay		1
Headache, sore throat &amp; i can't stop coughing. It's gonna be a good day		1
I didn't say that I hate you, but, if you were burn on fire while I am holding a glass of water, I'll definitely drink it.		1
Well this is fun		1
Lovely day for a game of golf.......		1
Wicked excited for PSATs today		1
Mmh put me last again, i love being left out. Really makes my dick hard.		1
Look like shit. Feel like shit. Today is going to be a wonderful day		1
Love having a swollen eye		1
I'm so glad I work early mornings.		1
I love waking up 2 minutes before I leave for school.		1
GREAT way to start the morning. 😒😩😡		1
Starting with my favorite class today!		1
Officially getting sick. I just love the fall!		1
Just what i wanna wake up to		1
It's wednesday after i'm turning to 18 on monday and it still no one of my family know it, ha ha, still love my life		1
Thanks billboard for letting me know 705 people have died in car accidents in Michigan this year		1
Well this morning was good!		1
Cause this is what I want !		1
I get to see my lovely P.O today I just love visting her she make my world go round		1
Taking the PSAT today		1
My bus was really late this morning... Seems like the start of a good day		1
School ! 😁✌️		1
CIE assignment and presentation done and dusted :) now to get stuck into Operations..		1
glad my mom won't let me go on this field trip 👌		1
And I'm sick, great.		1
PSAT's are going to be fun.		1
Man, nothing like waking up and stepping on fresh cat puke.		1
Yup home again, first thing to do: learning		1
Shout out to my alarm for walking me up early this morning		1
PSAT THIS SATURDAY!! fuck this means that I'm getting older! Thank you school for making me realise that.. :P		1
I can't think of a better way to start off my day than to accidentally cause a fire in the microwave.		1
Waking up sick is always the best~		1
I'm so glad I get to take my PSAT and then a chemistry test right after.		1
On my way to school. Can't wait		1
looked awful happy this morning 😂		1
What's the catch? Getting out of bed was too easy. Oh yeah, I'm gonna be over tired, right! 😅😅😅😴		1
That's exactly how I wanted to start my day.		1
My cousin is getting sick everywhere, and I have my midterm this morning. This is wonderful.		1
I love waking up and feeling almost too sick to move		1
Woke up in a bad mood. Todays gonna be great.		1
Man this act practice should be fun		1
My stomach is hurting		1
ya kickboxing is exactly what I want to be doing at 8am..		1
Oo I love the rain lol		1
Damn my family know how to make me feel so much better ...		1
Great, this is just what I needed.		1
I'm so happy my hair looks like shit today . I love when it does that .		1
Had 4 hours of sleep ...yea I'm really gunna be functional today		1
i love when i curl my hair and it comes out a few minutes later.		1
Its gonna be a longgg shitty day.		1
Love Cdn media coverage of CETA. Cheese was the *only* thing holding the whole deal up!		1
Soap in my oatmeal. This is going to be a great Wednesday.		1
Woo for the psat 😒		1
But thanks for the call or text goodnight		1
The fresh fragrance of shit in the morning		1
Sinus infections are just so great....		1
Good idea to not have to pay for a poor choice....		1
Wow this story is killing me...		1
Just love waking up after an awful dream!		1
Perfect way to start my day		1
Early bird gets the physical therapy		1
Lashing rain and no one is answering their phones so I'm walking home in the pissing rain ..		1
Really enjoyed waking up to that this morning		1
It's only ten past and today's already been a blast. 😒 1		1
Its Cold , Raining &amp; Exams Today ? -_- Can Thie Day Get Any Better .		1
I'm sick &amp; i'm eating ice cream now. "Ini semua ubaaaat" -Mom.		1
I just love when my mornings start off like this.		1
Love days like this when I'm on price		1
Yesss back to work		1
Cant we all be friends, guys?		1
Man, I'm so jealous of those people who smoke in the school parking lot		1
its raining, I feel ill, I have to have an injection later and I have no food....STILL LOVING UNI THO		1
What a great speech!		1
I love how impossible it is to sleep in on my days off		1
So excited for the PSAT..		1
PSAT then mile Wednesday!😊 yay!!		1
Only having one car between my wife and I and having to go to the Doc for a shot in my knee doesn't impact me at all.		1
Of course my professor doesn't show up to class , when we have a quiz to turn in and I wanted to stay in my bed ... 😡		1
So excited about this PSAT		1
Got locked out of class... So tired... And my eyes burn 😫🙈 great way to start my morning.		1
Really my level of excitement today is just through the roof. I really can't contain it.		1
It's cool that I'm leaving for class and it's still pitch black out!		1
Left my keys in my room this morning.. Great morning it's been!		1
Crashed my bike. Missed dissertation meeting. Now my wallet is gone.		1
PSAT on this lovely morning		1
Love PE on a wednesday		1
I love being the only person that knows how the heck to do stuff at work.		1
You're not annoying at all.		1
I love how all of my friends get here early.		1
This grammar class was a blast.		1
Really lovin this seminar		1
Love getting up early for a morning lift		1
First night of being a pizza delivery guy😏 moving up in the world		1
Wow I guess your supposed to be hammered everyday of your life.You are my role model		1
OK, better catch some zzzz's. Thanks for the conversation Twitter friends. Very stimulating... 😳		1
I love being ignored It's the best feeling		1
I love walking past boys and nearly passing out from all the cologne		1
Yoga pants sweatshirts and braid yuppp I'm feeling ambitious this morning		1
The phone cases I ordered over 2 months ago have just arrived...		1
There is two things to make people happy about waking up today 1. It's Wednesday 2. Fucking kids bop is making a new album 😂		1
I absolutely love that my phone screen is not only cracked but green. Completely green		1
All of my teachers are so easy to get along with and so willing to work with me and my schedule.		1
I look nice today		1
Not only am I cold soaking wet and coveres in gas.. im also running late!		1
It's always fun doing a James Bond running jump onto the uni bus		1
Oh wait but that was a GREAT start to my day.		1
super late to practicum. that's what I get for not setting an alarm...		1
Extremely loud hippie music is my favorite type of music		1
Missed my flight this morning- super! What's a few more hours in Allentown pa?		1
Bout to ace this PSAT test........		1
Woohoo, now I get to present my law presentation 🙌😋		1
chick's shirt said don't talk to me unless you're complimentin' me.		1
That was the best "water ride" ever💦🚲💨💨		1
I try to keep positive about the group project and get put in a group with no one I know... great..		1
What you got, racks on racks on racks		1
Honestly love waking up sweating every morning		1
so im so so so so so sorry if im not sitting her listening to you blab about something that isnt even in my head right now		1
I have quiz, 1 mini test, and a test today. Should be a fun day😒 1		1
Good morning hang over. How nice of you to join me today		1
Definitely just woke up, great. 👌		1
Yes Hailey, it's defiantly a good idea to sleep until 8👏		1
Glad you're appreciating what I did for ya		1
I love waking up 40 mins before I have to be at work!		1
I just bought an AP Style Book and it arrives on my birthday. Hooray for me.		1
Just through the door after 22 hours, travelling back from Hong Kong. It was worth it just to see the smiles on our immigration people		1
Just bear with me while for the next 8 months all of my shoes have teeth marks in them.		1
Can I say. I &lt;3 Lotus Notes about as much as I &lt;3 iOS7.		1
Oh yayy.. Shit weather forecast for Saturday and Sunday! 👍 brilliant, just what I wanted!		1
WAY TO GO SUSIE!!! 🎉		1
That was really rude 😂😂 nice to see you again		1
I'm overtired, going to fail my first soc quiz today, and am working until close tonight. It's gunna be a good one, ladies and gents ✌️		1
I just realized I left my nose ring in the bathroom...		1
Love when my class lasts as long as my drive there		1
Wearing heels on campus today is gonna be fun..😳		1
Cold callers, don't you just love them		1
Going to town in that fucking atrocious excuse for weather bleugh		1
It's great knowing that this day already sucks ass and it's only 8. And I've still yet to go to court		1
Thanks for the spoiler in that BuzzFeed article.		1
Oh no wait demi sketcher has decided to join me great!		1
Omg! Why did you unfollow me... My feelings are sincerely hurt 😂		1
Re piercing your ear is always a fun time first thing in the morning		1
vive le wifi de lecole 👌		1
I just love getting the "yes were both black" nod from strangers		1
Sure. Drywall is easy as pie to remove.		1
Uhhh you clearly see me waiting. You're such a gentleman		1
Waking up feeling like you got ran over by a semi is always a nice feeling.		1
Just a thanks to the guys on the train who decided to sit next to me and play drake full blast like were 12 and on a bus, so enjoyable		1
Go ahead and post another half naked picture 'cause I don't think twitter has seen enough of you.		1
Wow English class is productive as always		1
Oh awesome, I love when my alarm just forgets to go off		1
Love the rain don't i...👌😑		1
That's a wonderful start to my day...		1
Wow that was really considerate of our bio prof to assign 2 quizzes for the week of our midterm, on content that isn't on the midterm		1
Yay for always waking up before my alarm		1
I love going to the doctor 😒		1
I hate days off of school		1
Already feeling like a second coffee would be a good idea. Not sure why. Reading about connective tissue is pretty interesting.		1
I love how original and creative people are with their vines/tweets.		1
I really feel bad for all you in school right now....		1
Yes, I would love to try a 4th medicine instead if having tests done.		1
So excited for the PSAT :-)		1
Holy hell Boehner - you're actually going to look at it? You might save your job.		1
Awesome start of the day!		1
It's raining and my umbrella is in my room yayy!		1
I love sending someone a nice text and then not getting a text back!		1
I'm so happy to be at the dentist!		1
I love Berlin winter cold stories from my colleagues. Bring it on!		1
What a day it is		1
What a last day it was		1
First day of break is already going swimmingly.		1
Walking around Moultrie is so fun.		1
Man...flight delays are so much fun!		1
Feeling like a valued friend atm		1
Started out my morning choking on an apple...today's going to be a good day...		1
Great way to start my day...		1
On the plus side just opened a yoghurt without removing the top layer with the lid... -.-		1
A cut magically appeared on my finger rn, badass		1
Yup. We're going 60 in a 70.		1
I love the organization around here. It's always so put together &amp; I feel like I know exactly what's going on everyday.		1
Walking into class &amp; sitting down at an empty table bc the rest of your group didn't show may be the best feeling ever		1
11:14 and already having a bad day		1
I don't have plans after an early release from school, looks like I don't have friends!		1
Too bad God talked about inappropriate things like sex and circumcision. Good thing Christians have figured out not to mention it.		1
I don't nobody in my building work... These mfers don't b doing ish.... Must b nice to sit up at hm all day and depend on others....		1
Already annoyed at the little things today.		1
I wish someone would buy me a diesel truck so I can let it sit around and only use it to take pictures of and with..		1
Two guys on the boat talking about quadratic equations and how interesting they r ... i feel like i want to join in :/		1
Forgot how much fun lectures are		1
Ran out of lead, writing mechanisms with a pen.		1
In the flat from tonight till Sunday/maybe Monday night myself		1
Well that's real nice		1
Gotta love when your car breaksdown!		1
Thanks CNN for updating me every 10 minutes on how no one in our government can agree on anything. After all, why comprise? 😒		1
So happy I forgot my umbrella today.		1
Not how I wanted to start my morning.		1
This educational video is sooo cool!		1
Not what I needed this morning		1
These Opposite Day tweets are so funny......		1
I'm so excited for music class!		1
This weather is proper gettin me in the mood to go out		1
It's been a week and my account is still suspended. Cheers betfair! You're the best!		1
Ahahaha biting my tongue 👅✌️		1
Chip's offense is such a gimmick.		1
Getting ready to start my persuasive speech nd its gunna be fun fun fun		1
Glad it's so beautiful out!		1
"If you're not wealthy, you're lazy and not Christian"		1
Gotta do two essays in the next two days! This should be fun!		1
So the PSAT was fun		1
It's a good thing I did my criminal justice hw		1
Great day to stay home		1
Wow so glad I got to walk up from the sophomore lot in my new Steve Madden boots.		1
Oh wow I totally want to be like you and ride my bike with no hands.		1
Oh CINAHL how I missed you		1
My hump days include five classes so sorry I don't feel like quoting the Geico camel...		1
That was impontrably beautiful		1
Thanks Tidwell. I totally enjoy the view of your butt in my face.		1
This weather makes my hair look fabulous. 💁😒		1
Congratulations on your maturity.		1
And the only reason why I would experiment with pharmaceuticals was because they were being given to me like candy...thanks doc.		1
I have 2 chapters to read and a midterm to study for by 5. This should be fun!!		1
My morning started off perfect		1
This day is just freakin great		1
8 hours with no mobile service. Helpdesk are excelling themselves		1
Like I wanted to wake up to this shit		1
I am in the mood to just snuggle up and watch Halloween movies all day butttt there is too much to do . I love being a grown-up.		1
Time for the most entertaining class of the day		1
Pure genius you are.		1
I literally can't wait for finding cute guys while snowboarding and being too afraid to talk to them. That's the best.		1
Do the old guys wearing sleeveless shirts really think they look good?		1
So fun! Such a shame the test are over!		1
Can't wait to take the actual SAT...		1
There is a K-9 explosives unit officer on duty on the MARTA right now. I feel very safe.		1
Our government is so smart and so great		1
We bailout Mexico while China bails us out it all makes sense now		1
I love coming to class and looking at rocks all day.		1
Was meant to see family today but things got complicated so I'll see them tomorrow and my birthday week is going swimmingly...		1
Calc 2- the best class of the day!		1
Being the single one at a party on Friday is going to be fuuuuun		1
Don't think I find anything more interesting than control and instrumentation		1
So glad that after two + weeks of argument, DC is finally doing its job. Gold star, folks. Top notch.		1
Ah, 57 degrees and rainy. My favorite kind of weather		1
Well that was fun 😐		1
Just dropped a sour patch kid....&amp; it was a red one. This is turning into the greatest day of my life!		1
Thanks for the help.		1
Love when the fire alarm goes off as I'm about to get in the shower		1
Loves study so I do		1
Spent the last half hour talking to my pets.... Totally sane right?		1
Watching "Keeping up with the Kardashians" cause its going to make me feel so much better about my life		1
aaaaaa....Econ, my old friend.		1
So the Tories reckon more people using food banks because there's more of them-yeah that's right food banks 'the restaurant of choice'		1
Well that was fun....		1
It all makes sense now. And its kinda funny.		1
doing Alc. EDU is exactly what i want to do today. so thank you to my roommates		1
Finding out that I'm not getting paid anymore because of the gov shutdown &gt; best news of the day		1
Thank you Mr. Esmond for putting Trisha right beside me.		1
I've been drowning myself with shoujo mangas I must be miserable		1
I feel like crap, I look like crap, and I'm doing crap in school.		1
Slow clap for the government...		1
I love when dad makes dinner		1
SNL pisses off black women by saying black women aren't funny. Next week they have black woman host. Black women rejoice nationwide		1
I'm totally gonna get my life together today		1
4 hour study hall fuckkk yeaaaaah!		1
I love playing goose poop minesweeper on my way to and from class		1
I'm glad my internet works at the library.		1
This is such a great week!		1
Lol good to know you trust me..		1
-Ooops. Almost forgot this guy was 'twitter famous' and clearly doesn't associate with people who aren't.		1
Cool that all my jeans are too big		1
my mum wants me to have a halloween party where we dook for apples, she knows how to throw a party		1
It just keeps on getting better!!		1
Midterms, Hit and runs, and bird poo make for a great day.		1
oh I forgot that working this dead end job is more important than my education...		1
Some people just amaze me!		1
Watching Home and away makes me so happy to be here. ☀🏄		1
This day keeps getting better and better! Omg!		1
Love going to a walk in centre this time of night!!		1
I love how fast the walkin clinic is		1
Well this has been an awesome day so far		1
About to be a productive member of society by going to class... Yay		1
Getting sick, almost passing out and having multiple schools watch you in the hallway. great day. 😅		1
That's ok, don't give us a review for the midterm.		1
Now that he's coming back I think it's sooo lame.		1
I love my unfollowes ;p haha		1
Yea movie day again in psychology I feel like I learn so much		1
All girls do nowadays is drink alcohol once a week atleast		1
I just love taking a shower on my way to class...		1
I love when my mom doesn't answer her phone😐		1
Voten por mi (!)		1
Just told my sister in law I had sign language hw to do... She said "well that sounds like a loud activity"		1
There is nothing I love more than starting my work day with a back handed compliment 😠		1
Nice long 9 hour shift at work done , can't wait to do it again tomorrow		1
Hardly anyone is watching Hollyoaks tonight		1
This is the best substitue ever!!!!!		1
Yeahhhh...... let's raise retirement		1
Being ignored is so fucking awesome. Best damn thing to ever happen to me.		1
Ah don't you love it when someone has time to post stuff online but can't take the time to respond to your message.		1
I've met someone for the first time at my mom's job...I can tell he's a 'winner'...		1
Just had to sew up my work uniform and it really shows that I achieved an A in GCSE Textiles.		1
I'm really good at doing nails		1
Jeeeez why don't they make our trip to the wpial finals a little hard		1
Today is the start of getting cake in my face during rehearsal. Yay!		1
So I care way too much about people who don't care about me, what a big heart.		1
Sweet phones broken		1
Panera study session		1
I have accomplished so much today in senior lit......		1
Wow you're so cool congrats		1
I'm sure Condoleeza Rice is highly qualified to pick the college playoff teams in the future		1
Remember when Facebook made you start every status with "(Your Name) is..." like 5 years ago?		1
About to be sitting at a Firestone for over an hour sooooooooooo this should be fun		1
Spanish professor destroyed my paper. Thanks. Great way to start the morning!		1
According to my brother WalMart makes too much money LOL		1
Yay!!!! I finished my webassign😭😃.. On to the next 💁 OWLS!!!😒 oh gosh I love all this work!		1
Have you noticed how dogs don't judge people? Have you also noticed how they urinate on walls, and lick their own anus?		1
Fellow math106 twamps, please give me dirtier looks as i walk into class late		1
It's funny how I get my nails done, &amp;&amp;the next day..you have the same design, same color, everything. Wow. We must think alike. 😏		1
Loved spending my half day at the ortho		1
Take forever to snap back. I like waiting.		1
Gym class boosted my confidence today		1
I really love being sick! 😷		1
Theres no cava left at		1
Practicing in the pouring rain, this should be fun		1
Another massive crowd at fun skate		1
I'm just so happy I have to work during the game today and not see any of it		1
written a whole 5 lines in the space of an hour		1
Just love how much she has taken over your life!		1
This week has just been wonderful....		1
If I thought biking to the hospital against heavy wind was the best, boy was I wrong. Biking there against the wind in the rain is.		1
I really just want to go home and finish getting my apartment together. But instead I have to be at work!		1
I'm glad I have spy's everywhere		1
I love going to class and having a teacher who reads straight out of the book for lecture		1
Of mice and men is great		1
Thanks for the email you sent telling me that I've unsubscribed from your email list.		1
Newest Recruiter tactic: Don’t send an email, but subscribe me to monthly engineering newsletters. Yeah, that’ll work		1
This has been such a wonderful week.		1
It's nice to see that all the riots, smoking cars, and massive disarray has cleared up, now that the Government is back to work.		1
I would just love to hear more complaining...		1
exclusion is the best feeling EVER!		1
I love when I don't understand anything and fail two quizzes in one day.		1
Mmmm I just love when my shoes are full of water! ☔☔		1
How I miss riding the bus		1
Love awkwardly sitting in the chiropractors office by myself with rando old people		1
It was genius to schedule a 1pm(local) mid-week playoff game in LA and 8pm(local) start time in Detroit.		1
What part of "i need to finish my hw" do u not get? Ill hang out after Im done...no lets throw a hissy fit instead		1
Nothing like a bit of late night work		1
The guy that plays trombone at Lewis is gonna be my best friend.. I can just feel it..		1
So the government might end the shutdown today, I'm sure so much was gained through all of this		1
Captain Phillips convinced me to go sail around the horn of Africa.		1
I moan about being single then I shave my hair off good move damo		1
No no no please pull up next to me in your ford Taurus and ball it out while listening to drake		1
Luv going to work		1
LOVE small talk .. 😒		1
Its a good thing i have an extra hour i can waste waiting for the doctor 😑		1
I appreciate the couple in front of me making out..it's very pleasant to watch!		1
The day just keeps getting better		1
Of course we would learn new material before our break.		1
First paycheck is for $67.06. Rollin in the dough		1
You have a new bestfriend every couple months		1
just wrote 7 things that I have already done on my list so that I could cross them off... It is just that kind of day		1
Gym was going to charge me more to stay with them then to cancel ?? Good retention strategy		1
Just broke into my dorm room		1
Rocking that modern physics lab, being all sorts of productive		1
Being ignored is probably the best thing ever 👌		1
...with 10 or 12 hours to spare, our elected officials now have time for a pricey lunch + drinks. well-deserved, congress		1
I love how were like not even friends anymore.		1
Way to go Congress...we're very proud of you!		1
So you wanted a baby to show off how much you grind to buy him sneaker?? Yea you're grinding really hard		1
I love going to class just to fold towels		1
Would love to thank my parents for telling me how they're in 26degree heat, sleeping next to the pool all day...		1
Great idea to have a playoff game at 1:00		1
If the first three matches on Google for my name are my Twitter, FB and my blog, do I get to call myself an SEO guru?		1
nice two hour sleep		1
I will not cry, I will not cry, I will not cry, I will not cry, I will not cry.		1
Haha that kid on is to funny what a lad		1
"The has halted processing new permanent change of station orders until the ends." Yay i love being stuck		1
So wait, now you can retweet a tweet that I already retweeted and it notifies me? Mind = Blown. What will they think of next?!		1
Gee, Spotify, thanks for emailing me and telling me that Heartbreaker by Justin Bieber is now available. My life is now complete.		1
quote: "like any other normal man I just wanted to have sex with you" - That's deep. Makes me fall in love with a man...		1
My day just keeps getting better and better...		1
So my eid consisted of going to lectures and studying		1
Who isn't ready for		1
Pitbull &amp; Ke$ha in a song together!? Yippie!!		1
College then work straight after is a killer! Glad I'm doing it again tomorrow		1
3 shots of Novocaine to no avail with a root canal. Greatest last day of vacation ever.		1
Well that quiz was awesome		1
// I love accounts who think they are to good to follow back		1
Your life choices are awesome. Keep up the good work.		1
I wondered why my cleanser didn't foam like it usually does. Finally it hit me, I've been using hair gel. Awesome.		1
Thanks, uterus. This is just what I needed 90 min before bowling! Woo hoooooo!		1
Work at 9 tomorrow proper making the most of this break from college!		1
Well that was fun.		1
wow things keep getting better and better		1
Yay for heard bound horses!		1
Looking forward to my 6:30am alarm		1
You complain when we don't get thru an entire lecture outline		1
I love how my friends care.		1
Love how every girl ever feels required to take a picture of what their big gave them and put it on Instagram		1
Can't wait for work tomorrow!		1
You're a trrrrrruuuuuueeeee friend		1
Good news of the day: I have to get my wisdom teeth out.		1
I love being ignored. It makes me feel so good		1
My sister is being a slut for Halloween :')		1
Someone pleaseee tell me a good hair dresser? Managed to dye my hair grey		1
Disturb my nap, now I can't fall back asleep, and I feel the beginnings of a headache.		1
You don't like my headband? Alright let me go burn it because your opinion definitely matters👏		1
Calculus is so much fun :p :P :p		1
Plus studying for the Praxis. I love the college life so much!		1
really enjoy being stuffed up with the cold		1
im so smooth on facetime its unbelievable...		1
I can't wait until tomorrow! It's gonna be a great day!		1
My family is fucking lame. So glad to be kept in the loop		1
"Yesterday is history; tomorrow's a mystery"- deep and original lyrics from the mind of Justin Timberlake		1
That's some really great writing there		1
Wow the noise that wall made when David was punching it sounded sooo convincing.		1
Wow I LOVE when professors are late on the first day of class 😒		1
I have a way with word....		1
So glad UC Boulder is on the list of top 20 sexiest colleges... 😑		1
Some kids in my grade represent the freshman class well.		1
Going to the dentist can't wait so excited my dentist is cool		1
I'm so gonna be a ballerina when I'm older		1
I love being forgotten by the one person I want to remember me		1
This is just perf👌		1
I love spending money that I shouldn't have to spend!		1
I love being the only one not on ur Wcw.		1
My sister is really good at texting me back		1
Man, how do I get a hold of those Pittsburgh Dad Smiley Cookies?		1
A teacher/soccer coach at my old highschool got arrested for child porn today..just another example of why overhills is the best school		1
So pumped to be walking in the dark. . .		1
Shoutout to Isang Jacob for getting the job done at IUPUI this year! Haha		1
Haha thanks for cheering me up		1
I gotta say my rental car the Chevy sonic is awesome... Runs on cherry limeades..		1
Looking forward to my maths exam tomorrow		1
I love getting ignored! :D		1
Australian cricket is a joke at the moment		1
Thank you for throwing away my basketball shoes...		1
What a productive cheer practice.		1
Belly ache just as I'm trying to go off to sleep. I love my body so much...		1
Overtime this week..finishing at midnight next week ..yay...		1
Yea go straight to assuming that's always the best thing to do(:		1
Yay I can't wait to get my tonsils taken out		1
Whooo flu shot time yay		1
I am looking forward to playing softball in 50 degree weather all weekend		1
I've been waiting for the page to load for 15 minutes.., I love our wifi... -_-		1
No idea how to do my chemistry homework so that's great		1
Just realised I spend my life working and waiting for Tom		1
Man I wish espn would talk more about Peyton Manning returning to Indy		1
I just love it when they test the tornado alarm on Wednesdays.		1
So glad that Obamacare is going to save me money. Our health insurance at work is going up 25% this renewal. Thanks Mr President!		1
I get to be home alone tonight, yay for me.		1
I just love homework over fall break.		1
Woohoo! Marching band rehearsal!		1
Thanks to the person I don't know sharing that lovely photo of me😍		1
I love my 530-8 pm class		1
Work tomorrow double shift! I can't wait! 😐		1
Thanks for that, it was really needed.		1
Already cracked my iPhone5s on the first day using it😁		1
Well I'm glad you make an effort.		1
Don't get notifications on my phone since some Australian thought it would be funny to disable it by getting my pin wrong		1
Thanks for boosting my confidence doc and calling me fat.		1
I LOVE how people go on about world problems		1
Twerking for social media will definitely get you cuffed.		1
booyeah, 1000 words done. 2000 to go..		1
You know it's going to be a great night at work when you lock your keys in your car..		1
Government regulates business, really? I guess cause it knows how a successful business works and are doing such a great job!		1
Today was v productive.		1
You just made my day so much better!		1
Girls are really attractive when they post pictures of smoking		1
Dear DuPont bus thanks for driving right by me at Bedford and not picking me up, a passenger.		1
just another day of the sex games.		1
Yay my moms home		1
iPhone 5s is coming tmrw! 😁 gonna miss my beat up red iPhone		1
Unbelievably excited for the 6 o'clock start tomorrow!		1
Wang-Tee for life yo!!! 😍		1
At work waiting for 4:30 so I could go my other job! Yay		1
Oh you know. Just cuddling with my dog with about 80 blankets, drinking some hot apple cider, and watching fast five...living the life		1
It's good that Matheny was able to get some work in for Mujica and Axford in case they're needed in STL.		1
I have the happiest family alive!!!!!!		1
Wow I really feel great about myself lately.		1
It's a good thing I'm stuck in the parking lot at work because my car won't start..		1
So glad I was sick today and I get to make up the psats some other day...		1
Gotta love it when people lie to your face😊		1
Yes, Mate. Your opinion of the performance REALLY matters to them.		1
Well that makes me feel great about myself...		1
There are 10 registers at Barnes and Nobles... is in use. 👌 1		1
I love when I get ignored by you for some Bitch..		1
It's always fun to be pointed out		1
should be studying for physics... instead I'm on twitter.. I am Definitely going to pass this test..		1
Well that was just grreat...		1
Social policy is going to be so much fun tomorrow!		1
Well it really seems like you do..		1
I'm surprised that you don't care.😂		1
Yay movie night by myself		1
Oh how I love doing my tax return		1
I think Ill go the gym tonight. Late night squats		1
I love late night service calls.		1
Well I got all my cecs done and more. Thanks for remembering I took classes to certify that count…		1
We've been "poking" eachother on fb for a couple months.. i guess you could say things are getting pretty serious ;)		1
What a great birthday.		1
I love hearing arguing all night..		1
I need to study for my midterm, lovely.		1
Finished writing my midterm today, now time to study for tomorrow's midterm....		1
Oh how I love being forgotten about.		1
Laundry night are the greatest.		1
Yay... another night of Joe Buck...		1
Can't wait to listen to Tim McCarver for 3+ hours		1
i think i passed my math test!		1
I love how you just don't give a shit.		1
Love not being able to sleep		1
I'm the worst at concentrating on homework. Good thing it's an online class....		1
I love having to learn 68 spanish words and the test is in friday		1
Caspase, the friendly enzyme		1
Bout to touch a basketball for the first time in like 2 months.. This should be good 😅😐		1
Running away doesn't help you with your problems, unless you're fat. Then yeah, run.		1
😕 No sweetie to treat on sweetest day, this is the life		1
jussst love it when my internet decides to stop working in the middle of a project		1
Best way to celebrate finishing a project after 4 hours in the library? Walk a mile home in the rain.		1
Thanks for the support freshman class		1
Guess that makes me a bitch cause I don't put up with your bullshit💁		1
So my early night worked out well!		1
It's so flattering when fball players yell at us girls leaving dance asking if we're hungry... is that an invite to dinner???		1
Post workout meal of champions: hot dogs and mac and cheese		1
Bowling is so much fun!!!		1
Everybody's just being so nice today...		1
Nice of the Big 3's to carry POTUS remarks		1
So excited to go to school tomorrow at 8am on a day that we have off..		1
That hood hides so much		1
Just found out my last living grandparent has cancer..... What a great day this has been		1
I love your best friends on snap chat 😂😂		1
Surprised Jim isn't taking advantage of Avila's bunting prowess.		1
Twitter or Write an FRQ.... Such a tough decision		1
What a great night to walk to practice		1
Yeah I'd love to do the group project by myself 😒😒		1
I got them LaQuisha nails goin on..		1
Im just saying, I bet their parents are proud of what they raised .		1
Welp this game is off to a good start		1
That was a great call at 2nd		1
My night consists of wrapping hundreds of "Jingle All The Way" DVD's.		1
It's not like I had a bad day or anything.. I didn't want to talk.		1
WOOO OUT OF THE INNING!!!!!!!!		1
Ha. That's funny .		1
Doing my homework!		1
Ohhh The House Bunny is on.. This movie reminds me of an old friend... I should text him.		1
Well that was an effective half hour		1
What a time to live in.		1
Selena does a great job of singing her own songs		1
Gotta love homework in high school		1
twitter is so awesome you get to tweet whatever you feel and not get judged and you get to have your own opinion		1
Wow I can tell my mom really believes in me		1
Best birthday present eveer.... 😞		1
Wow you so cared about me.		1
Misunderstood and ignored		1
Up to go to the gym, and it's raining outside. Great motivation (:		1
So sad you were too late.		1
Music , Ice Cold Coca Cola &amp; HW ,		1
Everyone thinks I do nothing at work.		1
Well what a great week its been so far.		1
When your dad says your gonna get your heart broken and your gonna fail... Oooh thanks !		1
Wow, that's really fucking awesome		1
I need to get out of my own head		1
I am really digging the way you aren't texting me back		1
The way to my heart is definitely to flirt with all my friends 😍		1
Me and Samantha a couple 😊		1
Chillen in my room, reading my library book! lol		1
so the strike IS october 22....awesome email to read		1
junior year has just been so much fun. ☺️👍		1
if you only post pics of you and your significant other partying and drinking i definitely think its based on love &amp; will last. *cough*		1
Pistons are looking good tonight...		1
Gotta love full nights of homework		1
Sure mom. Fridays cool with me. Yeah, of course I can live another day without a phone.		1
it really is perfect timing for all of this..		1
I love how Ashleigh and quinton don't leave any room for me on the couch		1
Its really cool how little of a relationship I have with any of my family members.		1
Nothin like soaking your feet in ice water after dance👌 😍		1
I guess John Farrell thought 6 runs was enough of a lesson for Peavy. I think he could've turned it around with a few more innings.		1
Pumped at the fact that I won't be getting any sleep tonight 📚🎉		1
Love it when ppl don't text me back :D		1
Yes, because when I have a job characterization will be extremely important.		1
You not replying is exactly what ineed right now		1
Looks like the gov shutdown will end tonight, Id like to thank Obama &amp; the senate for being flexible and keeping the debt low		1
I'm not sure the Detroit line-up shuffle can account for poor pitching and defense. Give Boston some credit here at least!		1
Cause that's fair right?		1
I just love being ignored...		1
I like how my "friends" chose my ex over me		1
Stressed out and angry about everything right now...I thought senior year was fun		1
Brain dead after that practice PSAT, can't wait for Saturday....		1
I just love calculus...		1
Peavy was sick pick up		1
Tmo should be fun		1
wow babysitting on a school night really helped me get my honework done.		1
I feel like I'm getting the courage to tell you..		1
omg me and my bestfriend have 6 period together again .. 😂😂 this means I can annoy him even more ! yeah sorry. No I'm not.		1
So home it is this weekend, wooh..		1
Some people are just too stupid to put their top priority and set aside unimportant things		1
Wow what a wonderful fall break I'm having.		1
Surgery in a week.. Lets see if round two works! 😭		1
Really looking forward to my meeting tomorrow		1
Woww lolol you would go to bed.. what a shock		1
: GOOD EVENING A HUGE thank you to all who supported		1
Love when my cat pukes on my white bed spread		1
Thanks for the invite!!		1
lol puking is fun.		1
Being nothing but a huge disappointment...		1
It's ten and I'm sill wide awake...		1
I love how my finger is black right now		1
Man I really hope the show Ortiz's grand slam from game two again.		1
Yay for getting name tags tomorrow		1
I wish my last name paved the way for me to have everything handed to me in life.		1
And to think that I missed school a little during the summer. Not the teachers, homework, tests, drama and feeling of exhaustion daily.		1
When your mom takes your phone and texts your boyfriend and he thinks it's you&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		1
Sometimes I just feel so loved		1
I'm such a		1
Of course when I plan to go to bed early and as soon as a turn my light off I get 3 snaps some, game notifications, and a text.		1
I get to miss gym for like 3 weeks. How wonderful..		1
Roomie's ride to get her boyfriend bailed and my car has a spare so I can't go get him... Looks like he may not be coming out		1
I love it when you don't text me back, makes me so happy.		1
LMT Lockheed Martin to cut 600 jobs amid tough market {stocks move up more jobs cut everyone's happy }		1
Guys wouldnt even talk to me until my junior year cause they were scared of my brothers.		1
Yay! The government is reopened! The debt ceiling is raised! Obamacare will kill the economy as the Left has wanted!		1
It's nice to know that you care enough to respond to me		1
It's nice waking up from a nap then hearing Jesse is leaving SWS		1
Pissed and in pain, perfect right?😡😑		1
And you can't even tell that I'm upset		1
Alright Christian senior gals! We've only got three more years of socially acceptable singleness! Work on finding a husband ASAP!!!		1
I love eating this late because of cheerleading it's really good for you		1
Setting that 430am alarm makes me all fuzzy inside		1
Oh really? I would have never guessed that.		1
Gotta love our bullpen		1
Thanks for snapchating me back alyssa		1
Not surprised lonegan lost... Upset though. Another great job by nj		1
I'm so ready for work tomorrow		1
I love when people change plans last minute		1
I'd like to sincerely thank whoever did my schedule for giving me 3 weighted classes in the first semester.		1
Yup... thats totally adorable...		1
...and tonight was a very productive night		1
Wheww..Glad that debt ceiling thing is over Now the US Gov can continue 2 borrow $$ 2 pay the ppl they owe money to.		1
This day just gets better and better...		1
Wow good thing all of my friends are so helpful!!!!!!!		1
Looking like a cup contender out there, Caps		1
I've acquired yet another turf burn from lacrosse. My legs are becoming quite attractive		1
I just love it when people screenshot my snaps		1
I can take a hint. Thanks for your time 👌☺️		1
Gotta love late football games when you still have homework, tired and haven't eaten dinner yet.		1
That's okay, I didn't want to text you anyways😒		1
Wow so excited to go on a field trip to look at literal shit tomorrow		1
I love how awful the internet at Hope is...		1
Thanks for making me feel like shit before bed. Thats just exactly what I need. :/		1
Thanks for being there for me when I need you the most		1
Well isn't that just perfection 👌		1
Government lockdown over so soon 😒		1
I feel so loved		1
Getting stabbed in the back by people you thought were your friends is an amazing feeling.		1
Welp. Back to having no real friends and nobody to talk to things about. I missed this so much.		1
If you don't appreciate sarcasm or hyperboles, then you should probably go play in traffic...		1
There's a hole in my new leggings		1
Your constant partying, drug use, and underage alcohol use is really setting up a positive future for you		1
It's always nice finding out things about yourself through rumors		1
I just love when my phone turns off and doesn't turn back on for four hours...		1
I love seeing you tweet but not text back.. 👍😋😑		1
I like bio quizzes every day		1
yea soon as a bitch start a new job smithfield wanna call for a friday interview		1
Adore being locked out.		1
This just makes my stress that much worse.		1
This day has been fan-fucking-tastic 👌		1
Saying things you don't mean just make your day!		1
that makes me feel so good about myself		1
My Individual &amp; the Family textbook just told me that intimacy lowers the risk of divorce. Mind blown.		1
Must wake up at 6am for court, excited!		1
I couldn't be more happy and sad at the same time that I'm graduating in 2 months. This semester was supposed to be a breeze. 😣💨🍃		1
I think I'm going to take tomorrow off to watch the panda cam all day. Oh how I've missed it.		1
Wouldn't you know the government shutdown ends just in time for the 17th. Big surprise.		1
I love when my computer shuts down when I'm in the middle of writing an outline that's due tomorrow.		1
Just watched Gunna sleep great tonight!!! 😊⭐️🌈		1
Cops just love me ha ha ha ;-)		1
Went ahead and took the whole damn day off because of this pageant... I've got so many days to spare!		1
Scool, work and then home work... Just love my life 😒		1
Fracking is so cool omg.		1
Tomorrow is gonna be fun!!		1
My phone absolutely loves me		1
Prince is looking pretty nimble over there.		1
This is going to be the best 18 hour bus ride ever		1
Best way to spit game: message me on Facebook.		1
Cranky husbands make for awesome evenings.		1
One party shut down the govt and then voted en masse for default and continuing shutdown, so I guess the other party should apologize.		1
Crying for no reason whatsoever.		1
Checks should always be separate unless you're with your family. Umm yeah no worries server I will just pay for all my friends.		1
Today has just been wonderful...😕		1
Well... being ignored is my favorite. I'm so glad you know exactly what I like!		1
Love not being able to fall asleep. So relaxing.		1
Glad to know how super important I am.		1
That's def a normal thought process		1
I send the most attractive snap chats.		1
Loooove coming home to my nice cozy pull out couch		1
I feel super safe living in highland sqaure right about now		1
Kinda sucks that I lost you as a friend.		1
Isn't it wonderful that my computer restarted while I was writing my essay 😇🇺🇸		1
Tomorrow is my day off from school and work and my daddy scheduled my car to get serviced at 9 in the morning.		1
Watching surprise Trojan commercials with your parents&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
i'll be back in pennsylvania tomorrow for all of those that miss me.		1
My paper is due in 8 minutes. And I have paragraph...... 1		1
I love life right now		1
I just love when people lie to me		1
All these pages following me is exactly what i need night now		1
My favorite back to back shifts are obviously the ones where I get to watch the sun set and then the sun rise in EPCOT		1
You're kiddin me right?!? Once a cheater, always a cheater! Sorry bout it		1
what a great way to end my night.		1
my phone is getting a lot of attention today! 😳		1
Can already tell this break is gonna be a BLAST.		1
You don't have idea how much I love when you don't text me back... It's awesome!!		1
Love 2 1/2 games and then 2 1/2 hour practices right after!		1
For the record, I'm pretty sure we're all traveling together in a hand basket. Hang on, it's a bumpy ride!		1
the single life is great...		1
Thursday tomorrow .!!! Yea.. Idc :D !		1
Another sleepless night is just what I need		1
If some of the subtweets I think may be about me are, I will fucking cut you. You are nuts. Sorry I'm not into psychos.		1
I have so much motivation to do school work now that im a senior!		1
Love it when you don't replay.		1
Tonight has been so great		1
Dang I go so many retweets on my last tweet. I feel famous lol 😎		1
So excited for my 8 am tomorrow!		1
I just love all these embarrassing pictures of me on Instagram today. 😳		1
I just love the feeling of being pushed to the side 😒		1
Who would've thought religion homework at twelve would be hard?		1
Off to menj with ze bff.		1
ok ok time to brag grades.		1
Don't you just love getting grounded. Such a fun time. 😄		1
Oh hey its ok you're bad at singing but just keep doing it bc everyone in the room loves it..		1
The worker at wendys said his name was Mike. Like Magic Mike only hotter hahahahahahahahahah ;)		1
Fire drill tomorrow! Funnnnnnnnnnnnm		1
Just me a coke music and studying		1
Yeah, it's real smart to walk in the middle of the road in all black...		1
My brother wants a America jersey for his birthday😂😂		1
Come home from the game and within 5 minutes I'm grounded.		1
Memorized all parts of ear, heart, and eye. Now the arteries and veins. Then the brain		1
Love going to bed crying.		1
Cause that's always a great idea...		1
Honestly... My day just KEEPS getting better		1
Real motivated to do homework right now		1
If I fall asleep right now I'll get exactly 6hrs and 29minutes of sleep. Perfect. Just what I need...		1
Oh and I just wanna give a special s/o to the scumbags of APD...thanks for adequately doing your job 👏👏		1
The Tea Party is just SO classy		1
Girls with bieber bangs &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
12:30 seems like a good time to take a shower		1
1/7 we love school		1
getting sick the night before the biggest tournament of the season 👌		1
What the heck its already 1:30?...well ill be bumming it hard in a few hours thats for sure! Yay for 8am classes!		1
My depresion is starting to kick in.. Perfect timing		1
Still up being a goon lol		1
Good thing I've lost 7 lbs in 2 days		1
Ookay so yeah lets just throw bean bags at wooden platforms and scream in front of my door		1
When you get a nose bleed from both nostrils at the same time &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		1
Theres nothing better than waking up with cramps		1
My parents just told me weed and alcohol was ok as long as I'm not doing crack 😂😂		1
Just go ahead and sign me up for another all nighter!		1
I guess I am		1
Yay for long bus rides		1
Practice makes perfect but there is no body perfect in this world, so don't practice anything		1
Love getting home from work at midnight!		1
Love getting to sleep late then waking up early		1
just clicked on the hashtag. So *that's* the best place to find unbridled hatred and racism on twitter. Glad I found *that*!		1
I have to be up at 5:30 and I'm at a bar. My priorities are definitely set straight haha		1
Lol the more time progresses the more you piss me off and dislike you...		1
Mm 8:15 play rehearsal..love the sound of that		1
Corey attempted to use the microwave last night and nearly burnt the house down		1
Wine was a bad idea last night...makes everything worse and apparently gives u nightmares :S this mornings lecture should b fun !!		1
just laying in bed doing nothing		1
Its really fun to be the ugly friend		1
Every day is a struggle when I'm feeling so ill ahhhh!!! :(		1
Yay. Studying at like 3 in the morning. Awesome.		1
Oh. Local government are so clever with That hashtag can't be hijacked.		1
what a cool school..		1
Spending the night in emergency is always fun 👍		1
hunting will be the reason I go to the place with the white walls.		1
Funny how people change. Really glad that I waked away when I had my first chance.		1
Love coaching in this weather!!		1
Awesome someone shows up and wants to visit when we're just getting started, so let's just take a break 20 min into the shift.		1
This is so fun		1
Chinese companies were admonished for fishy practices. On the contrary, Indian companies were praised for high standards. I’m surprised		1
I love not being able to sleep		1
Love been left out, best feeling ever		1
I'm up like I got to work 2day or sumthing		1
Who needs sleep when you could be doing math		1
Flight booked to Calgary and Dean Brody tickets picked up :) Its a great day !		0
It's sweet when someone remembers every little detail about you, not because you keep reminding them... But because they pay attention.		0
Exams over for the time being, 12 days till next semester. Party time		0
just saw ryan malloy from eastenders what a buff man😻		0
I'm still waiting for the day that I actually use a study hall to study.		0
Prayers sent to OU Norman campus, shots fired. Hope everyone is ok.		0
that would be cute though. pull up with 30 roses for oomf		0
My sixth sense? Knowing exactly who will ask me for a cigarette as I walk down the street.		0
My throat hasn't hurt this bad since I got my tonsils out. What is this		0
"Garlic bread is my favourite food. I could honestly eat it for every meal. Or just all the time without even stopping."		0
Sometimes the only blessing you need to count on is your heartbeat. 🙏		0
Listening To Michael's Phone Interview 😂😂😂😭😭		0
these past few weeks have been a blur		0
I'm ready to finish my exam and buuuuusssst outta here.		0
the fact that I already finished season 1 of skins...		0
Call me old fashion but i prefer natural beauty. no looking like micheal jackson video		0
As long as we stick to that and we don't abuse elsewhere. Just punch it out on yr phone or yr keyboard. If that fails then just have a chug.		0
Shit gets real when the liquor stores start shutting down. Bunch of babies.		0
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to run.		0
😗 This emoji is so ugly I can't even handle it		0
It's actually hilarious to watch an old fling let themselves go entirely. 👏		0
The heat would stop working on one of the coldest days of the year!		0
I love it when I hug someone, and just when I'm about to let go, they hug me even tighter.		0
Hate it when people slag other people off for doing something they have done themselves		0
I love it when chicks go and get a haircut and after they are all like "omg they cut all my hair off! waaaaah!" Bitch, you went for a cut.		0
Wow, two gun attacks on two Top-25 universities? Guns are totally BCS bound.		0
U deserve a round....		0
I played 200&amp; 201 fell n 4540 &amp; 4641 fell FMl 😔😔😔		0
i gotta gET MY HEAD IN THE GAME WHYYYY AM I FELIN SOOO WRONGG		0
Ewwwwwww I think I stepped on a stink bug with my sock on		0
Love a bit of Kisstory to get ready to		0
The world can be a very big place So be yourself don't get out of place Love your man and love him twice Go to Hollywood )		0
The worst part is that he's speaking from experience. Awkwardddd		0
Guys who kiss girls on the forehead are the sweetest and the most gentleman you can ever have.		0
This place drives me crazyyyyyy!!		0
YOU A FUCKK NIGGA AND IT AINT A SECRET!		0
So nervous for Saturday. Suppose to snow and we have a 2 hour trip to make for daughters competition. Highway + snow = me spazzing out.		0
That's what I fear right now....		0
finding it so hard to concentrate on anything		0
I thought today was pay day but it's next week faaaaccckk hahahaha		0
Fate loves the fearless		0
Class cancelled a fucking Workaholics marathon all day...my life can't be any better than it is right now.		0
"I'd like to tell you things that I think you never heard, but there are no words" ♥		0
Saw they were talking with OLB Adrian Hubbard, who is likely a 2nd rounder. I realize it's just due diligence, but don't see that happening.		0
why am i watching dora?		0
Mom didn't pack any kinda chocolate in my lunch today wtf😒		0
The shitty part about not starting school until Feb. 3rd is the fact that everyone else is in school and I have no one to hang out with.		0
"Can I have the kids chicken fingers?", "Are you under 10?", "No" -Tommy Fatuova with every waitress		0
Thinking about going to e2020 and taking Chemistry instead of having Mathews. 😁		0
Sleeping beauty is a great movie👌		0
I wanna lick lick lickk		0
A2: What do you love about your product? (I don't work with anyone that doesn't love what they have. Must be excited about it.)		0
My mom just asked me what I want from the chinese restaurant. ..uhh EVERYTHINGG		0
Good thing I got the footlong and not the 6" sub.		0
destroys our world. Please,stop be upset and mad about this. It is seems like the world war.		0
Awkward moment when you spell the name Michael wrong on Facebook... My dad's name is Michael		0
You told me you didn't show me there's a difference		0
choppa i hold got a mind of its own, if it hit you in yha dome dont get mad at me		0
My momma gone be like "well I don't know what to tell you 💁" when I tell her bout my phone 😩😂😩 I already know		0
What's the point in having an Asian precal professor if you can't understand a word she says ...		0
Just made a Forrest Gump reference and no one got it 😕		0
I only want 3 things: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.		0
If it starts snowing again I'll die. I miss Dustin &amp; wanna see him tonight. 😞		0
Got that 9 on me run up you die homie 😎👌		0
Fuck I forgot a sweatshirt I'm so cold		0
Uhh , Done Until Other Wise !		0
Has everyone finished being completely outraged by something that really isn't worth being outraged about? No, it's twitter, of course not.		0
Okay I finally started watching Breaking Bad and it starts off so freaking depressing.		0
I would rather own little &amp; see the world than own the world &amp; see little of it.		0
Yesterday a shooting at Purdue University and now today another one at the University of Oklahoma. This madness needs to STOP!!!		0
ugh I dun wanna be here.		0
I need xalwo quruxlow for this hargab		0
HAVE TO GET BACK TO SOME SUPERHERO ARTWORK, I'VE BEEN DOING MORE ARTWORK THAN USUAL.		0
Just fucked up. Put this ish in my cart and I go to checkout after 5 mins.........it's sold out. Fuuck lool		0
They show you love when you die, give you flowers when you die, talk that good when you die. Don't do that shit when I die, do it for me now		0
I'm not going to continue to put an effort if you won't, it's a two way thing 💀		0
I don't give a fuck. My excuse is that I'm young		0
Just a bit upset.		0
Feels so good already being done for the day		0
I still think that Leslie doesn't want to marry Neil. She was acting twitchy about their relationship before he proposed.		0
In n out at 10 in the morning!		0
I am so full up on eating goodies!		0
pretty sure i am the only female in my family to not have huge tits *sigh*		0
Can't wait till pay day Friday, I need a mani, pedi u know 😅		0
I've gone without human contact for 3 days this is fabulous		0
This girl always thinking people care what she says. Girl sit down and stop yelling		0
2 finals down, 1 more to go !		0
Take me back to the time when things were fine ...		0
I'm missing you and it's killing me.		0
Rules when texting a girl: 1) Don't take forever to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the ":)" face.		0
My future son name jace Maxson		0
i'm leaving to go live with dolphins goodbye friends		0
OMC - How Bizarre		0
I think I've done enough though I'm not really satisfied. Hmm 2 hours of sleep will do good. Will just have an afternoon nap later 😉		0
Trophies by Drake is just 😍🙌		0
Whoever had my phone number before me seriously needs to notify some people.		0
		0
Seeking Intensive Care Unit (ICU) registered nurses for jobs at top ranked hospital in 513.488.8817		0
What is happening to the world? Prayers going out to everyone involved		0
Sometimes, when you imagine a perfect guy...you start to realize you've described a person you've known forever. &lt;3		0
IM STILL LAYING IN THE BED...		0
police, and other forces, were issued a for Tricia Boisvert's car		0
I love when family comes to town! Yay		0
Bunch of drake ass niggas		0
Just gauged Reze Bonna's photos . Daummmm		0
Loud packs smell like cat piss !		0
Fell like shit so bath, energy cans and YouTube will do👌		0
Everyone tonight. Neon night!!!!		0
Wanted to chill with today ,		0
Great news that The Wanted are going to have a break, you could say.........it's what I've always "Wanted"		0
I can relate to netta so much man. Swear her pain is my pain.		0
Lose Yourself by Eminem comes on the radio and Ryan goes,"watch out, I'm going to spit fire." 😳😳		0
Chapter 1 of Anatomy &amp; Physiology finish. 😓		0
Why on earth did I start playing this game?		0
I bet my tooths infected		0
We're back in business after the snow yesterday. Come in for a nice cozy dinner overlooking a white blanketed Main Street.		0
... Work status 😢		0
making some new ratchet friends :)		0
but u aint been the same, there was something that made ya change.		0
I couldn't sleep. My mind keeps on thinking about it. :-\		0
I need some chai ☕️		0
Frozen is my shit		0
I'm consistent if it's something I really want.		0
1) Trust. 2) Honesty. 3) Hope. 4) Patience. 5) Knowledge. 6) Courage. 7) Care. These are the seven steps to someone's heart.		0
Didn't know a class could be this boring...		0
Hope Mata moves to United🙏		0
I LOVE YOU 😭😭😭😭😭 OH MY GOSH		0
Would literally pay someone to do my footnotes and bibliography for me 😔		0
Hmmm! I look at my peepz around the way i just smile. They havn't seen the best of me! In some couple of wks its gonna be Top-Notch style!		0
We’re not dating, but you’re still mine.		0
((sorry i should go))		0
Thank you all for watching! I appreciate the support! I will be back later with more games &lt;3		0
Listening to louis tomlinson talk is one of the happiest feelings		0
There's this girl that say "ohhhhh" "ahhhhh" "oh my god" "really" after everything the teacher says.😂😂		0
Isn't she lovelyy ..		0
Call it old fashioned, but I still think it's cute when someone writes you a love letter. ♥		0
"I will stand on everything I believe today, even if I have to change it all tomorrow"		0
Can't believe it's only wednesday		0
I really want to go downstairs and make breakfast but my roommates girlfriend is in the kitchen so I might go hungry.		0
Think I can make it work		0
Give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others. Stay true to the best that is in you		0
today went from really good to terrrrrible		0
It is useful sometimes to recall your past in order to stronger value your present.		0
Kobe swear he the best Hooper. Lol I love my boy.		0
Time to bash a history essay		0
used to be , used to be , used to be that was us 😫👉👫		0
I'm a sucker for the "I miss you" message.		0
Can I please just send out a bolo for a decent love life??		0
Angry girl sleeping at the back of the bus dramatically closes window &amp; announces to us all how cold she is - sorry dear, is this a hotel?		0
And now everyone in the house is sick...		0
Love is when you try to fool your heart stating silently, love I wanted to interact but saw you were busy interacting!		0
Always motivate people to do what is better but never pull them back.		0
A perfect relationship isn’t actually perfect at all, it consists of two people who NEVER give up on each other despite any hurt or pain.		0
Oh wait is that Frosting yasssss		0
Last night was something else...		0
If I don't get to run today before class my sass will be in full force.		0
Twitter tells me that 90 of my followers have started to follow Stan Collymore. Is this to rubber neck at the abuse he got I wonder?		0
I saw my friends being loud and said "Those rowdy teenagers!" joking and then the man next to me said "Seriously." HAHAHA		0
Smh finally seen fast 6 i almost cried son		0
Day off = UK Skins on Netflix. Cheers.		0
It's crazy how distance makes the heart grow fonder.		0
When a dude stares at you like a piece of meat... 😡		0
I've been watching Breaking Bad for 6 hours straight. 😳		0
My lecturer said that some students don't wake up for friday classes because they're "boozed up."		0
About too get out and about and pay some bills 💯💯		0
Talking to the mooon lah pkoknya...I know u somewhere out there...far away..but I can feel ur love...aseeeeEek		0
I got those crooked teeth but apparently I can still smile!		0
You really got me bad		0
Finally heard my babys heartbeat &lt;33		0
Always and forever this nonsense		0
It's great when food makes you feel less ill		0
Like Unique Destiny Shoes on Facebook ✨🌟		0
Nigga I'm With the shits!		0
What an attention whore		0
I don't argue. I just explain why I'm right.		0
Level one was the actual HVA lunchroom		0
Texting 5 people &amp; telling 4 of them you’re going to bed, just so you can spend the rest of the night texting the one person that you like.		0
Say TAP as you hit the screen on Flappy Bird - RT if you get a higher score.		0
OMG MOYES PLEASE SEE THE MATA DEAL OUT!		0
I switched from beyonce to nicki minaj. I love royalty.		0
I want someone to take me out for beer and Nandos. Who's offering?		0
If I die, it's Saxons fault😲		0
Eating Subway is like saying I want to be healthy, but at the same time, I don't.		0
Me and Hannah just tweeted the same thing		0
I know how it feels.. and I'm so sorry for all of you		0
Most impressive stat of the day. Charlie Ball covers more distance by sliding than by running		0
I reaaaallllllyyyyy don't want to be here		0
Because only I would roll my ankle by trying to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night 👌		0
Music's got me feeling so free -Mi mente ante un examen :,)		0
not getting out of bed unless it's food related		0
Hello blowjob lips 👄		0
Fixed my phone 👍		0
Are you tired of your ass hole boss?		0
If ur reading this Andrew I've sought high ground like they used to in the olden days!		0
Let me just go back to sleep wake up &amp;&amp; try this shit again..		0
Kennedy is the snitch/spy		0
Do What You Want is such a good jam. Get it Gaga!💃		0
I find pieces of you in every song I listen to.		0
Ready to get out of school already		0
My boss is from Minnesota and thus does not empathize with my snow driving anxiety.		0
Im so excited, I just cant hide it. Hooohooooo		0
Might go crazy from cabin fever if I don't leave this house who wants to do something		0
It's f-bomb cold in today.		0
People who want an apology from Sherman are soft AF! You never played real football if you never had someone in your face talkin at you.		0
This is actually the shittest thing		0
Really don't know whether to stay on at school or not?		0
Walt Jockety just said Grady Sizemore will not sign with the Reds.		0
Overslept for my one on one conference with my professor... Whoops!!		0
I can hardly move my head cos my glands are so fucking painful 😭		0
If there is one thing i hate its being told what to do 😁✋		0
Petition for dougie to wear a pirates shirt ( buttoned low) coat and boots...he would look hot😍		0
I'm done trying. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. I'll probably still text you tomorrow, but fuck you.		0
Don't have much money at the moment so I need to be really careful with what I spend while simultaneously saving for latitude		0
how is all this shit about the riots in not trending, and the nba is?		0
I feel so damn great		0
bored cant wait till today		0
First class of the semester macro economics two classes got canceled didn't go to classes first day win		0
$GD lowers 2014 guidance but increases buyback, stock +5% - how easy is this market to please		0
I CAN'T CHANGE. ∆		0
The hell are they doing after Ramble on Rose? Napping?		0
I give you the praise.		0
Rest in Peace Mr. Mckean.. Greatest teacher and person ever😔❤️		0
there's soo much I keep my mouth shut on .		0
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are."		0
2 things I could not live without for a week: coffee ☕️ and a shower 🚿		0
"Ignore me, I'm a day drinker"--text from a coworker. There is a reason I work where I do.		0
Finishing drawing something original will always feel better than drawing something off the internet		0
Pop that is always going to be in my workout playlist. Makes me want to twerk and workout.		0
I can't keep my eyes off your fatty		0
Anyone watched party down south??? Is it any good or worth watching?		0
Frozen shoulder (adhesive capsulitis) is a condition in which the tissues around the shoulder joint stiffen, scar tissue forms, and...		0
Being single &gt; wasting my time.		0
Sometimes when I speak to for too long and too fast, it sounds like I'm having a stroke.		0
Ciara th0ugh If 0nly neh.. ♥♥, Dammit!		0
How things used to be &gt;&gt;		0
I'm not the person I used to be, I admit, a lot of shit got to me.		0
I want to sleep here.		0
bout to go get ready		0
Letting go doesn't mean giving up... it means moving on.		0
Activated my fb and then deactivated it quick I don't wanna know anything about you partying doing your shit		0
What happened to the graffiti trains???		0
Oh what a shame I can't log onto my bham account. Guess it's nap time not work time after all.		0
I didn't change. You just never knew me.		0
Hmm wanna do something nice and simple for my 21st but have no idea what -.-		0
those are all stock photos		0
I thought Imlive stopped charge back guess not what a joke. :(		0
These two kids in my math RACE back to the room after lunch		0
You're my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my pain, my happiness, my everything. You're Mine.		0
Went to the VA office in Martinez for nothing. -.-		0
Your mind is like a prism for God's light to shine through ~ Solange Knowles		0
a MOTHER'S job is never ever ever done		0
Your thirsty acting tough around him. Then calling me about to cry😂		0
Lol the girls at the background ko gym? Lmao		0
found such a nice festival for the summer turns out its in bloody north wales only a 4 hour car journey away -.-		0
U knoe, I think imma skip english dis morning		0
What do you call a snarky criminal going down the stairs? A condescending con descending.		0
Just think about bands such as f.o.b, backstreet boys, 5ive, blue.. they've all had breaks/split and they're all back together!:')		0
Bethel deli is too good		0
Foots doing my nut in 😡		0
Shawty have so much makeup on she looking like Casper lol		0
Wait so it wasn't really a shooting?		0
an index measuring the performance of female alternative investment managers gained 6% while an index of the overall performance of hedge...		0
Also shouting into a jar helps.		0
taking prom applications 😂		0
Was just in a high speed chase with the olathe south security car		0
Crazy people go to FCC now a days. Great! Thanks you!		0
Don't give up just because things are hard.		0
We need to fight for the right to life and protect the lives of the unborn. Retweet if you agree.		0
Getting called in on my off day 😭👎		0
My birthday slowly approaching		0
Makin' bitches mad cus I'm whats good.		0
She sings all soft...lol thats cute		0
So out of it today. 🌀		0
in bed already wtf where has this mood come from		0
Why on earth do children need to learn computer coding		0
We should be congratulating/rewarding people on their good decisions, not their mistakes.		0
the secret life of walter mitty!		0
keep alive i dont wanna say goodbye		0
I wanna taste your skin; I wanna be let in. I wanna hold you and feel you like you've never been. ❤️ JAB		0
Muthafuggin peanut butter crunch!		0
what i say, i dont know👾☔👽🎹🌁 uhh play follow me		0
Need some help/ideas/inspiration....can't decide whether or not to get rid of my website or change it or just have a shop or what???		0
is out! Sis killed it		0
this feeling won't go away		0
Dear Guys; Every girl deserves to be treated special. So, treat the girl in your life special or someone else will.		0
I'm far from perfect. I could have a flatter stomach, clearer skin, whiter teeth, better hair, etc. But at least I don't have an ugly heart.		0
No music. No life.		0
I came in like a wrecking ball!		0
Me and the guy at the valero always have great convos		0
I need vocation, may be Amsterdam		0
What a funny funny bus journey :')		0
Three hours of sleep means I'm drinking my giant out in the open, like the heathen that I am.		0
I'm over this situationship		0
My pants are a little too tight but they looks really good so I don't want to take them off.		0
I do not want to be stuck in traffic after finishing work. Need food. Need sleep		0
RATKING LIKE A FLU SHOT TO PROTECT YOU		0
If I could fast fwd to the summer ... I would.		0
I can't wait for the photo shoot ❤️❤️❤️		0
Class, is classically timeless		0
“Without passion, you don’t have any energy, and without energy, you simply have nothing” Donald Trump		0
At the front of the with the sign.		0
Me: I'm actually so happy right now. Life: lol oh hold on just one minute.		0
unfairness is giving little and taking lots.		0
Probably wanna mind yo business. Act like you can't see or hear !		0
Following a vehicle filled with avocados and not being able to have any is cruel and unusual punishment.		0
What the fuck is wrong with you		0
When people write BLGSDGJ or whatever I just see BL and think BLT. Mmmm bacon.		0
My attitude is based on how you treat me.		0
MAYBE ITS NOT MY WEEEKEEEND BUT ITS GONNA BE MY YEARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR		0
I can't eat this dude smells so bad		0
Shit. Can't I just get rid of my phone and stop scrolling and reading? Groan. A day is too short for us to have an 8-hour of sleep.		0
So im like obsessed with my avi . .		0
THE RAID 2 looks a madness		0
I have never been so cold in my life		0
Central African football players, guys their hair styles are funny..I wonder if they go to barber shops/Saloons. Lol		0
Was Mia An Dee Serious?		0
More bookings for our third sector event... We welcome Bluebell Wood, CRISIS, Burton St Project and SAYiT. Find out more at...		0
I can always count on the library to be hot as hell. 🔥		0
I want someone to cuddle me		0
Oh, working out feels soooooo good!!		0
Birthday so far is so great. Can't wait for the rest of the day!		0
Wish I never took performing arts ugh		0
I HATE CHEAP HOMEMADE COMMERCIALS....		0
SO ready to get shit faced.		0
I have coursework deadline tomorrow but I refuse to be stressed... ✌️&amp;❤️		0
Real Life Adult Bible Fellowship Presents: Freedom in Christ Beginning Sunday Jan. 26th at 10:30 a.m.		0
Stop making a scene.		0
Your girls foot is bigger than yours? *pause*		0
Work then cinemaaaaaaa 😘😘😘😘		0
Teachers piss me off.		0
I sed ya'll can't really reach me thoughhhhhhh (8)		0
Let me study because if I take a quiz today and not know the answers It's going to ruin my day!!		0
Been about ya &amp; I'm still about ya.		0
I'm just gonna do it , fuck it 📵		0
Second time I've cried for no reason in two days :))))		0
recruiting: UT confirms JUCO TE Blake Whiteley, Tampa Plant LB Andrew Beck have enrolled. OL Alex Anderson will too, per 247sports.		0
Right when I opened my door you cAME IN LIKE A BALL OF WRECK and went through my whole house		0
I been working too hard, I need to get into some fun shit😏		0
Ohh &amp; A Balloon ☺ I Like Balloons		0
Wow bringing Tupperware to the caf was an excellent idea. I now have meals for the rest of the week		0
Because I was texting. Like wheettttt?!		0
Stop worrying about what you have to loose and start focusing on what you have to gain.		0
two more midterms then i'll officially be a second semester senior		0
Shite coming to the gym at this time!		0
Only eaten half a croissant, a pot of fruit and been to the gym today now 7.30 needs to hurry up so I can eat a god damn burger or something		0
We watch a video in history at least 3 times in every week		0
That awkward moment when you hear someone snoring in your stats class...they you wake up And realize it's you....		0
anyone going town tonight? i need plans 😒		0
Rspec gives me a science boner		0
My lullaby — listening to live		0
So my biology professor disclosed the both CNN and FOX reported white people are immune to HIV/AIDs 😒😑		0
I really thank to you all for 100 followers. I wouldn't make it without you guys. You made my day nicer. :) &lt;3		0
Writing is like breathing. I have to do it!		0
I love when the subway is above ground.		0
Reserve your board for Thursday nights class before its full!!		0
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; DO IT!!!!		0
Retweet if you have an E in ur name.		0
Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person. You are everything I think about, everything I need, everything I want.		0
Mr. 81 points		0
Some young bull shoveled my area so I guess im done for the day		0
So happy I had off school today because if I got this news at school I would shut down and probably get sent home		0
I respect those that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is.		0
just give me a chance to get it right		0
another love, tom odell &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		0
Pfff gros L O L ... 😒		0
Hashbrowns oatmeal and orange juice for breakfast		0
You say you love me? Baby just fall in line. I got 99 problems, but a Bitch ain't one. I got 99 problems, getting rich ain't one.		0
TEs under Norv Turner have averaged 51.3-652-5.8 in the last 12 season. Kyle Rudolph should bounce back.		0
Big eyes. Imy :') i wish i could tell you that.		0
Dear God! another shooting in a school WTF is wrong with Ppl... stop killing each other if you are mad with the world sorry for you...		0
I want some donuts		0
Will be listening to the chaps tonight. Cant wait to get back for 2014 in a few weeks.		0
Game of Thrones isn't on until April- I need a time machine.		0
Feel like I'm not getting anywhere		0
When I was a kid I use to drink hot sauce right out the bottle 😌		0
got my license back deadass for a month and now im gonna lose it for a year fuck mutha fucking 12		0
Does your heart stops when my name pops on your phone? Do u smile when you text me? Do u save my messages? Do u look back at my texts?		0
Show feelings, get hurt. Be faithful, get cheated on. Show love, get left. Be honest, get lied to.		0
I seriously fking need a crying shoulder right now. I hate my job and coworkers who throw you under the bus for shit you didn't even do.		0
Just talked to a girl who remembered me by my art in the portfolio review...that's either really good or really bad.		0
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.		0
... i can screenshot your " bae " sweating me , bxtch don't act up 😃💁		0
So sick of some people.		0
Perhaps if you had purchased Beats by Dre headphones, it would be easier to be mindful of Dre in the course of your daily business.		0
Anderson out and Mata in, please someone tell me this is not a dream!		0
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.		0
Some people try way too hard		0
I'm gone make love to my bed after work		0
If I text u one of those valentine thingies on valentines day u will know ur pretty special		0
Lololololol I stayed home from school to write my English paper, but don't worry I just stole hers.. Makes sense		0
I read "chick lit" because it's escapism, same as playing GTA or Assassin's Creed. It's fun precisely because it's not serious.		0
Real niggaz dont flip on their childhood best friends..		0
Goodbye my lover. Goodbye my friend. You have been the one. You have been the one for me.		0
What was Triggers favourite TV channel............. Rodney		0
Watching catching fire just because Jennifer Lawrence is in it 😍		0
wynn resorts makes pitch for everett proposal at 330..after 90 mins from mohegan. so far, mohegan/suffolk downs is dominated by videos		0
Going to work tomorrow and Friday.		0
Miss my school friends a hell of a lot		0
This English exam blows		0
Everybody around me say idgaf about nothing		0
My teacher is so awesome c,:		0
You've got a mouth full of diamonds, and a pocket full of secrets		0
Moisturize something, at least. Bring the softness back.		0
All a girl wants is to feel beautiful, to be loved, and to be treated with respect.		0
Union wrong for not having a delay 😭		0
Dukette is the biggest asshole ever....damn		0
someone come play with me		0
What is so great about American Horror Story!? This show is so boring...😲😲		0
I plan on not leaving my dorm room tomorrow since it's only going to be 18 degrees outside.		0
Grind time, Watch me shine boy		0
LOL		0
People these days... Smh		0
Looking forward to some time with the girls tonight! No doubt the topic of conversation yet again will be beeeeeeeefa 💜👙🍹😎		0
Why is new york trending nothing special happened		0
Geez a lot of music came out yesterday		0
Anyone can help me out with FUT?		0
When I marry, divorce is not an option.		0
Lol me and my friend are sending pics back and forth of famous guys we like ahaha lol		0
Work in a few hrs n then the nxt two days off thank god		0
Lifehouse - Broken		0
I don't wanna be someone who fell so easily, I'm here to make the difference that I can make.		0
Headaches after work, :/		0
Walked up to the fifth floor...I live on the third 😕		0
There's a lot more to a Celebrity than one assumes. I try to keep my prudence ha		0
Me van a hacer llorar QUEES		0
I want want of them cute relationships man I can see on atm and I want it		0
So I work tonight 7-12 then I wake up and work 8-1 then drive to Everett and work 2-10 😁🔫💸💸💸		0
Time to sleep &amp; wake up 06.00AM		0
I'm the one you be texting When you be up at your job (They don't know)		0
I really wish everyone would get away from me right now. I'm really not in the mood.		0
I think tomorrow is a beach day... What y'all think... Venice beach anyone?		0
I only came by Twitter to say that I'm writing and not to bother me (which means bother me profusely so I can procrastinate).		0
God i hate ma lappy cant evn quote tweet..BABA GOD GIVE ME APPLE		0
Pearl Jam tickets are 70 quid fucking hell		0
The WiFi be fuckin up my deep tweets		0
New workaholics at 10. What time do I have to leave for work? 10		0
I dont know if to work because I go to the army and I dont know if Ill be too tired to work cuz i want to rest also..:S		0
I have to be braveee		0
My day is dragging!! 😁		0
All I know is that it's going to be sad to see him wear any other jersey but Chelsea's😔💔		0
ugh all I can think about is my - tilapia &amp; chicken. 🙈 is it 3:20 yet?		0
I'm Trapped in my Mind		0
The only thing better than realizing your true potential is doing something to make it real and not a possibility		0
That was so chaotic and hectic. Everyone is still super stressed.		0
dey gon luv me 4 my ambition		0
1:22 Happy Birthday To Me!		0
I love sleep. You forget about pain, problems, stress, everything for a while.		0
Looking forward to payday		0
School is back in session, snow is mostly cleared and we are back to normal hours! M-F 6am - 7pm. Sat 7am- 3pm. Sun 8am - 1pm! Come see us!		0
Yayyyy they're playing unwell :3		0
"Why did the lobster blush" "Because the sea weed"		0
When my foots asleep I can't tell if it feels good in a weird way or hurts		0
It's been a year get over yourself ha		0
After my food settles I'm definitely going for a ruin		0
lauren descurtiu a foto ? kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk		0
News about DSI Steve Fulcher who headed the Sian O' Callaghan murder investigation in Swindon may lead PW instead of the Waldeck story.		0
First time in Cali. I wish I could stay.. Its 69' degrees down here. And its Just 10:21 a.m.		0
If "Miguel - Arch &amp; Point" doesn't make you want to make love to a beautiful women then I don't know what's wrong with you!		0
The littlest things make me so happy.		0
Next time we talk I don't wanna just talk I wanna TRUST ‼️		0
The snow doesn't stop the It's just something else to talk about!		0
Have heart - boston ♬		0
Lost six lbs in a weekend trip to California! I think I need to take that trip more often. Lol		0
When I open a big bar of chocolate I can't just have one piece.. or two.. or three, do you see my problem		0
if you think maggie's tweet is about u, it was 👌		0
I go in the bathroom at work so I can play deer hunter, it makes me feel like a man		0
Just did my 1 hour cardio and glute workout 😅👙💪		0
Someone asked what Nike gear I wear. I love my fitted running pants with the zipper pocket. And my shoes. And socks...all of it!		0
Lessons cancelled... I'm SnOw excited!!		0
can't be bothered making effort with people who don't make effort back		0
Don't rush me, sonny. You rush a scientist, you get rotten science.		0
I've been trying to stay off twitter , reading your tweets make me angry		0
Crikey. The eh? Never rains but it pours		0
Maybe this will stop construction on campus? If you don't get the joke, it's fine... it wasn't really appropriate		0
Late night swimming on my mind atm.....		0
I always get it done!!		0
I think she's wearing a wig but I can't be sure.		0
I wanna make tomato soup &amp; grilled cheese but I have bread. 0		0
No God, no glory		0
So many deaths are happening 😔 it's so sad .		0
When there is a grimy film on your phone screen and it makes a noise when you scroll.... ewh		0
I HATE HATE HATE when ppl try to take they madness out on everybody!		0
🎶I don't wanna be another fool for you. I'm just another player in your game for two. You may hate me but it ain't no lie. Bye bye bye🎶		0
Unfollowing me? Cool, can I come		0
Color is so fun.. Although black is sexy ... I like to switch it up		0
Fuck a fake friend, where are your real friends at?		0
there's literally a shooting on a college campus every day..... what goes on in this world....		0
"At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet." Plato		0
Getting out early!!!!!! Yay:)!!		0
WRATH TO THE INDUSTRY		0
And I remember I got really sad because I didn't get to meet Zac and get water balloons thrown at me		0
Foiled attack ama a bulb? What is this?!		0
I start school at 10 and get out at 2:30... 😏🙌		0
Thx for 151 :) love you all!!		0
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you. But I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.		0
Matrix equations were created by satan himself 😈		0
Power goes out and then there 20+ posts about it on fb		0
A lady just jumped off a 12 story building a block away from where I work. 😔		0
Me &amp; Jv Need Slide Too The West ! She Ain't Fucking With Me.		0
Me: *Sneezes*. Class: *Silence*. Popular kid: *Sneezes*. Class: "Oh lord, God bless you, may God protect you from your sneeze!"		0
love when the snow sparkles ✨		0
In other news... You should probably have a working title to plan to surprise someone for Valentines Day huh		0
Get to fuck 👍		0
Some People need to grow tf up .		0
Starbucks is like crack for the soul.		0
I miss your smile, your face, your hugs. I miss you.		0
Being skinny is nice but pizza is nicer		0
Varsity hockey and boys basketball both play Sewickley tonight at 7:30. Get out of the cold and come support your teams.		0
When no one ever wants to talk to you...		0
We do this for ya'll!		0
long day but ever so productive		0
Temped to tweet lol again		0
I just wanna sleep.		0
There are 2 types of athletes: Those who truly desire success, and those who are trying to avoid failure, I truly desire success, do you?		0
I don't get how people at this school don't drink like no good story ever started with the saying so I was reading my bible		0
Man this is one hell of a situation		0
Maui is experiencing rare heavy rain day, so we’ve jiggled our plans and doing the indoor things. Captain didn’t want to brave 40’ swells.		0
While you're here erase all your fears.		0
Yeah I'm "using my calculator"		0
Just accidentally posted in my story for the first time ever.. Lol it was awkward for the few seconds it was posted		0
A humble person thats kind but kold hearted at time dats me		0
sick and tired of people in this house thinking they do everything!		0
like they've just left my heart without warning and are never to return		0
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete some people, memories, and feelings.		0
Fucking cops.... Give me my car back 😞....		0
no time for the bullshit, feel me?		0
Seriously need to have better portion sizes - just finished off my lunch that should have lasted me 2 days.		0
Twitter is the best for shitposting		0
Tanaka has pitched a ton of innings, but so did Darvish. Tanaka likely won't strike out as many as Yu but he should be real good, watch		0
Rachel McAdams is beyond perfect💞		0
I can smell chicken😊		0
He text me like 🙎🙎🙎🙎🙎 !		0
I wanna wake up where you are &lt;3		0
I don't wanna do this anymore lol		0
Girl let me love you		0
buuuuut I'm still behind :(		0
Some of the people I did shoutouts for don't even like me lol		0
I hate when she don't believe me		0
God has blessed me so much!		0
Lost my fucking bank book 😡		0
People are stupid 😂		0
Why is the printing paper always gone???		0
All that matters is law and order: svu		0
I only need 15 minutes for lunch can I leave 45 minutes early ?		0
300-400 words? 300 words it is then! 🙈		0
If a guy wears Hollister sweatpants, I'm automatically attracted to you.		0
HQ - homeward bound later today!		0
He jus get on mi nerves mke me mad we argue all dis		0
Nothing is original anymore		0
A wonderwall is someone that you can lean on. A friend :)		0
Somebody end this waiting game I'm going crazy.		0
mum said that we were going out at 6... erm, hello?!?		0
If I left, would you chase me? Or would you Let everything we've ever had just die? Am I still important to you?		0
Wicked is going on tour and is stopping off in Yorkshire. Ah :(		0
Mrs. Davia's comments on my Timed Writings are so sassy...		0
Why is this taking so long to print?!		0
Why insult someone unnecessarily though? Some people are obviously so small minded that they feel they benefit from it		0
Dis term 'thirsty' has ruined flirting		0
There's like 2 peoples tweets I actually care to read, the rest are just entertainment		0
Call him your husband call me at night time		0
Cause your bad and it shows from your heads to your toes out of control 👌		0
Sangha Yoga gave me a free class for my birthday☺️☺️!		0
That moment when you wait for a text but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.		0
Pumpin some muscles nigga ....		0
why did they have to change the lunch schedules around 😶 I was so excited to have first but nope I have 3rd again		0
Its Funny How You Need Back Up ...		0
14 February. I long for you		0
Work meeting was productive and got my point across...the meeting will be closer to me next time		0
Our kids r failin! Wht is it dat is to b done to improve dis results? R re doin enough to help dis kids? So hurtin		0
reason to date me 1. i can make grilled cheese 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗		0
I said whatever I'm doing to you 😉😉😉😉		0
Slim man got cuffed during tuck season 😂😂😂😂😂😂		0
Knowing that next time I do the journey home from Leicester DeccyB will be sitting next to me makes me a happy girl!!! 22 days 💞💞💞		0
Im so tired I can past out but im also in pain -.-		0
No woman crush not this day or any day....		0
Saying "no homo" after anything makes it way funnier		0
Need plans for the day.		0
Get me out of here		0
Me in 50 years: "BACK IN MY DAY, I HAD TO LIVE UNDER THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION"		0
Free Alfy, Jgreen, Cool, TJ, Pooshawn, Angelo, G-Cash, Zel, Jackboi, DJ, Black Boy, &amp; Poppy!		0
Why does my hair look like shit all day erry day WHYYY		0
Just read the word 'emotion' as 'emoticon'. So I'm already doomed.		0
At least my Chub is laying with me &lt;3		0
Don't fall in love with me, if you can't fall in love with the demon inside of me.		0
We can save many relations, if we understand a simple fact that people are not wrong, they r just different than our expectations.		0
I'll be your platinum, your silver, your gold♥		0
About to have it out with mail services for losing TWO of my packages 👊		0
Would it be so bad though :)?		0
just got all my cleaning done in an hour 😳😁		0
I wonder when my brother will stop calling my mum Madre		0
Fuckin hate when heavyset girls say "Thin girls aren't good for cuddlin and lovin." No. Like, fuck you. Stop pickin on thin girls.		0
a mean guurl ya dfntly undestaaand mooooore like geeeeeeenius guurl		0
Just had a dreamt that Sesame Street &amp; The Muppet Show faced off in an epic battle brave heart style. It. Was. Hilarious.		0
I miss my long hair.		0
it's a small world is legit blaring in my ears		0
My job may be hard but I love the clients . They make me be thankful for all that I have .		0
Ride Along is funny as hell!!!		0
Copy and paste, I love you		0
Really can't deal with this anymore😔		0
so much negativity in this world		0
Everyone has their own reason for waking up in the morning...Mine is you.		0
Singing is possibly the only thing that could have made him even more attractive.		0
Your body is a wonderland 😍		0
2. Tej Parker: We need more alphabets! Brian O'Conner: Hey, we do what we do best. We improvise, all right?		0
i dont even sleep anymore i just die for a couple hours each day		0
Won he basketball game lol		0
Just thinking about you, makes me smile.		0
Not even out of school and i'm already pissed fuck today		0
4K Hourly update ⋅ January 22, 2014 NEWS CEPro Silicon Image Wireless Ultra HD 4K in the Works CEPro - ...		0
Anyone else want to make an igloo?		0
I really don't want 12 o clock on Friday to come, shitting myself for this French speaking 😳		0
They say I look like Puffy		0
She gave everything. Whats holding us back? The widows mite calls us to be mighty too Luke 21:1-4		0
Marvin kno I kno him .. What's tha hype about ?		0
all hail keybutt ;^; *caresses*		0
Punk Goes Pop 3 to bedtime...		0
Bitches ain't shit and neither are these niggaz...		0
If you are going to do it at all, give it your best		0
It's been a horrible day. 😒		0
Currently mobile phone contract hunting...gets on my wick a bit tbh		0
The character Brenda is supposed to be an intellectual. She writes books about swords, she works in forensics. So far so good.		0
I saw a man at the beach yelling "Help, shark! Help!" I just laughed, I knew that shark wasn't going to help him.		0
Things are getting heated in my writing class😳🔥😈		0
I'm gonna fuck up on my science exam		0
Hopefully in two weeks I'll have another job 💸		0
Always stay tru to your self		0
Im sorry if a said Quiero una fecha but I dont care Im not scared of Seguir pidiendo una fecha Paraguay Deserves WWAT		0
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.		0
has anyone ever been to nanos i have once		0
What if Andy and April divorce dudee		0
Disco European gas station		0
I never will like you again , never,never ,like u again meu novo lema		0
I need to take a nao		0
Skipped class on accident. How does that even happen?		0
rell taking me out Friday um ready to lol		0
miss my girls 😩		0
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake; it's a choice.		0
I seriously need friends		0
Life is an adventure! Embrace the unknown!		0
Everything you do annoys me		0
Starbucks literally takes forever.		0
My followers, check out bait car trutv		0
Now I can't a every seed I eat means a I have to spend in Nooooo thank you!!! Lol		0
I can't stand you pussy nigga's Wayne voice		0
Excited to have booked a speaking engagement with The Oakville, Milton and District Real Estate Board in May.		0
I can't wait 🍻🍹👯🎶💃👏👌		0
Join Flight Crew 91 and help us compete globally in Pocket Planes!		0
Life would be 10x easier.		0
So much plan of us and i loved to! Lots of his idea was gigantic gorgeous		0
Today ain't going good at all but I'm a work with what I have!		0
My brothers 6th birthday today ❤️		0
Play that funky music white boy 😎		0
Lucky to live in a world that deems you racist for not liking an African American drama and Anti-American for not liking a military movie.		0
thanks for including me 😒		0
Don't just walk away and make me follow. Make me feel like you really want me to be around you.		0
Im dreading goin to work today		0
All I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe		0
Nobody wan see all that shit every day lol		0
-He just need to dm for the one time ; i need his number !!!		0
''I want to hide the truth, I want to shelter you, but with the beast inside there's nowhere we can hide''		0
Texts that piss me off: 1. Yeah 2. Oh 3. Yup 4. Lol 5. Haha 6. K 7. Nope 8. Chillin 9. Naw 10. Send me a pic		0
Why is the AC on in this class 😁		0
Offered to make dinner for my mum earlier, so she's ordered a Chinese. This is psychology 101.		0
You act like you don't know me		0
That Awkward Moment When You Like Someone , &amp; They Don't Even Know You Exist &lt;&lt;		0
Protein supplies have diminished. On the plus side we are having a chicken for tea. Booya!		0
Feels like I can't do anything right these days 😔		0
"I get so weak in the knees I can hardly speak. I lose all control &amp; something takes over me" 🎶🎵		0
What the fook is this 3rd party shit!? Moyes 2 prang to phone Jose himself blatent!		0
Hump Day Inspiration: Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James		0
See her picture in my phone is telling me I'm not good anymore		0
literally cannot wait until Travis Barker's memoir comes out		0
Mackems can only get Europe if they win! If not it goes to 6th place, haway newcastle should be going for this Europe spot like.		0
I thought this clusterfuck was over.		0
this medicine makes me tired af		0
Need to find another job		0
"-She's okay? -Yes, she said she's just tired." Naive people, naive people everywhere.		0
Ok twitter I'll be back later time for some writing, rappin, and 2k playing		0
Your mine your mine. Fuck what you heard your mine mine 		0
I wanna go live with my granny again . uhhh		0
I'm listening to Josh Turner (no homo)		0
A 9" helium balloon can lift .03 lbs. 300 helium balloons and a pound of butter later, you have your own butterfly.		0
Who's the most famous person you've ever been blocked by?		0
I'm going to stop having such high expectations for niggas y'all never change , forever on the bullshit 👌		0
my 74 year old grandma just insisted on shoveling my driveway. ummm no.		0
I'm thinking I need to take it easy at the gym today 😁😒		0
Thank you Lord for safe travels! Back home in beautiful Mississippi! No place like home.		0
Third week of winter term, classes start emptying to the people who care		0
If like to thank the campus book store for taking half my pay cheque on one book...		0
"me: *laughs* parents: what's so funny what's going on who are u talking to can i see what's the joke what are you trying to hide from us”		0
Do it heavy or don't do it		0
I'm running out of damn winter clothes. Warm weather come back!!		0
Smoke a blunt every day		0
Show some respect for a good bitch and dog these hoes!		0
Think i got time for you haters.		0
My English teacher wants me to read more biographys, so can anyone point me in the direction of the Janoskians Biography?		0
Someone go to the mall with me ! 😭😭😭		0
Instead all I.wanted to do was fck &amp;smoke		0
chasing the nipper into the grumpies garden before they got the ball and killed it hahaha		0
Wore two pairs of gloves while shoveling out my sister's car and I still can't feel my hands.		0
Fake Ass People &lt;&lt; 😫😷		0
I'm so mad mr. Black really deleted my final essay on purpose just cuz it was late		0
If I'm single on valentines day alexis is to then tf.		0
Unlike your manufactured Benghazi crap, the scandals this week ARE REAL! Jail time for all.		0
I'll d say shad		0
S4/5/6 prelims begin on Monday. Keep studying hard. It's worth it		0
This Zaxby's So Gooooood		0
This cold/cough is going to kill me. Bring me donuts, I'll make coffee. We can smoke.		0
Maybe that's what real love is, not hating someone when you have ever		0
To whoever invented this game		0
I skipped class to write a paper and all I've done is eat and listen to Chris Brown		0
Elena said I was in her top 19 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍		0
Yall hoe niggaz be gassing dese hoe's huh? Lml. Plzzz stop cuz dey really think dey something now lmao		0
Is it bad I considered having a glass of wine for breakfast?		0
That's one thing about fashion that you really shouldn't be-you can't be melancholy in fashion because people don't respond to it.		0
I shot for the sky, I'm stuck on the grown. So why do I try ? I know I'm gonna fall down. I thought I could fly, So why did I drown?		0
I'm gonna make you feel that love, and get all weak in your knees ❤️		0
Oh my lawd 😍		0
Sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself.		0
MOB so it's money on my mind tell em girls to skate cause I be on my grind.		0
The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up.		0
I Love My Lil 3rd Block Group Dey COO af !		0
Make what you say count! When you get the mic, don't waste people's time.		0
Now time to do packets for mid terms 😄🔫		0
we're bigger than we ever dreamed..		0
Trying so hard not to fall asleep		0
i just really cant wait to auction off my hair..		0
Makes me sick to my stomach		0
There's only one ME, and that's ME		0
Fight For Frary THEM CUTIES.		0
I wish I had a photo with you.		0
I wanna go to the Bahamas		0
Back stab by my first love but fuck that bitch i ain't tripping doe hope yo baby daddy know you a messy hoe		0
There were these two people next to me that kept saying something every time she spoke		0
Avril lavigne kinda morning 👊		0
Gossip Girl all day with my favvvv💗💗		0
WhyISmile because of my best friends, they never fail to cheer me up whenever I get down, we laugh and have fun together~		0
So when there's a "threat" of there being snow the entire city shuts down however when we actually get snow, we still have to go to class???		0
This 5 Die Faster Than My 4 😩		0
Deja tu user de instagram Soy ashleybsack&lt;3 x7		0
Do the most embarrassing things when I'm nervous urrggg		0
Lrt: she look tf good 😻😻		0
my old facebook statuses were so embarrassing, i actually don't understand why no one told me to stop.		0
Whee, I just reached a hundred followers! Thanks		0
Practice moderation in moderation.		0
I hate it when class is almost over but you can't even hear the prof bc people are shuffling &amp; getting ready to go. You people are rude		0
It is obvious that Ackman is staying quiet on a lot of information that he has because he has provided it to the regulators. $HLF		0
"A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart."		0
Most of these lasses are just average lasses who happen to own a football shirt		0
Moyes: 'Can we buy Mata off you' Mourinho: 'We won't sell him to title-rivals' Moyes: 'So that's a yes then'		0
it's only a matter of time before I totally bust it on the icy sidewalks in front of all of manhattan		0
You and your body Every single portion Send chills up and down your spine Juices flowing down your thigh		0
I can never understand why you ask me my heart is dying in your hands but my heart beats It goes bump buuuuump		0
Crabs always look like they're walking themselves out of an awkward situation.		0
want to do something different with my hair so bad, its literally the same everyday		0
Make each day count!!!!		0
"Carthage in slow motion. This time with an audience and video taped record"		0
Allowing myself to be lazy this am feels weird		0
I had the worst dream		0
I just want to go home and relax but noope! I gotta work at 4:30 :/		0
What if id want to 👀		0
But Then I Got High		0
I just wanna know who the kid was that didn't wanna go to class that bad they thought they heard a shooting		0
Riding with them niqqaz to the 🔚 💯 "My Brother's Keeper"✔️💯		0
How I met your mother		0
thank god for jazmyn selling candy		0
Sometimes, you have to be apart from people you love, that doesn't mean you love them any less; instead it makes you love them even more.		0
Lying don't make the situation any better .		0
Dreaming my dream and drifting within		0
"This isn't road rage, this is just called getting where you have to go." - as she's road raging us through bev hills. 🚘😡👊		0
I don't see how people drop out of school when they done made it this far.		0
Spending money I shouldn't be spending 😁		0
This dude is taking to long is taking way too long I'm going to get my jersey		0
I was hoping you would have noticed how much I liked you by now.		0
She can walk that walk that walk !		0
only 2 weeks to go		0
So my professor is old.. 😑		0
We all know you shouldn't email 11mb files, right?		0
Lol this guy 😂		0
Mommas don't let your baby grow up to be cowboys		0
Chick-fil-a cheese sauce. That is all.		0
You love me like X0...		0
all I do is sleep		0
Fair play Collymore for standing up to it! If you don't agree with his opinion offer a counter argument or opinion don't resort to abuse		0
Every time the song" I can't Stop" comes on I think of The Great Gatsby and his crazy parties&lt;3		0
What i hate about twitter is that every funny acount i follow advertises other acounts in every other tweet! Soo anoying!!		0
El Charro chips and dip. THATS ALL I WANT! 😩		0
It's rare for someone to have my attention		0
Have so much work to do😁		0
Just walked a mile in -10 degrees never been so cold		0
Did her campaign managers &amp; the national Dems pushing her NOT know about Wendy Davis' resume fudge?		0
flashing lights, flashing lights✨		0
Ali's friend's husband hunts boars in NC. So psyched to join him. (Mostly) Free bacon and pork? OMG, so there!		0
Mum thinks cos I'm going Belfast I'm gunna get blown up 😴 😂		0
If you are debating on what you want for a tattoo then you shouldn't get one		0
'I'm just playing video games with Ryan'		0
i dont understand this show at all		0
Find someone you can be yourself around. You can say whatever you want, laugh, smile, scream, hug, kiss, fight and make up in the end.		0
Can't wait for girly flicks trip tonight		0
Why do girls fake orgasms? The guy can feel when you climax sooooooo you're only fooling yourself lol		0
why bother coming to school Wednesdays ? All this waste of time lol		0
or bitch about the price. like mothafucker how many costumes stores do u see open rn?! go online and buy something cheaper that won't fit		0
KY produces 95% of the world's supply of bourbon...how about that? Plz Retweet!		0
If you leave my life, stay out of it for good.		0
you only ever spoke to me when you wanted to complain about someone you liked l0l		0
Saw the hoe and slaughtered the hoe so ask that lil bitch nah!		0
An am no babysitting, am busy, got a date at the Nicoll residence tae get ma hair dyed by Chloe 💇 😄		0
Emmanuel Adebayor has scored 88 Premier League goals, more than the dutch &amp;amp; Arsenal legend Dennis Bergkamp (87).		0
my body is telling me yes, baby		0
So excited that the new Kardashian Kollection Lipsy comes out on the 12th of Feb, because I go to London on the 17th so I can see it!!		0
my shoes making like zero progress. LOL. DHL shipping though.		0
I'll go to my 3:30.		0
Give yourself a chance to be happy. It might be easier than you think.		0
Where she at when I need her! 🚶		0
I'm still trying to figure out where all of my sweatshirts went		0
This chicken &amp; waffles boutta GO👌😋		0
Up early planning my Vegas and LA trip		0
I'm so good at flappy bird that I got zero on my first seven tries.		0
5-7 more weeks to go 👍		0
I hate those "What if" moment's.		0
I was actually optimistic about this transfer window. Then we signed relegation roger.		0
"You look like the Fourth of July! Makes me wanna have a hot dog real bad." -Legally Blonde 2😂		0
I've always wanted to be part of a musical!🎶		0
The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about.		0
Mr. Winslow: Stansbery? Dalton: where's your berry Stan? Me: lolz Rt if u laphed lyke meh		0
The likeliness between my mum and Monica and is uncanny. They are basically the same person.		0
Jans ordering an indian for my good parents evening yesssss		0
sex ain't better than love .		0
It aint about who did it first it's bout who did it right, niggas lookin like Preach		0
how much I'm lucky to have a pretty face 😳💅..		0
I'm on a mission that seems to be impossible, but with God in my corner, I can do all things no matter how difficult.		0
I have the same psych teacher again 😳		0
So I'm in dis class sociology of aging and I'm just like 😶		0
if u remember when justin said the confident video was coming soon ur a true 90's kid		0
Now I feel like I have bionic ears		0
you are what you eat and I don't		0
Whoa, that was close... I almost gave a fuck.		0
When will all of these shootings stop??! Come on people! Educate yourselves&amp;stop preying on others. If u r that unhappy get help!		0
Can't keep your eyes off my booty		0
Time for a 2k break....ain't played in a few days		0
You can never lose if you don't play the game		0
I hate when I miss someone and can't do anything about it.		0
She just wanna run around the city and make memories		0
Give her attention, or she'll get it somewhere else.		0
Smh can't neva have a good day a b wanna ruin it		0
It's my broken heart		0
Wish it was summer ☀ 🌴		0
I'm done being sick I think I need to leave my house soon		0
The 8th seed suns in the west would be the 3rd seed if they were in the east if the season ended today 😳		0
I hold it do Wn for her		0
Spilt egg then ketchup then coffee on my jeans today.		0
I’m thinking about things…which means I’m thinking about you.		0
Hugs from behind. &gt;&gt;&gt;		0
I miss seeing your name showing up on my phone..		0
20% off in the RAM store woop woop		0
She's a mystery, she keeps them off their feet, yet they keep going back for more She's just the girl they're looking for		0
Google the following phrase "LIBOR plus 1". Celtic's interest rate is far from unusual for low-risk companies with a long history.		0
you and me back seat on a backroad, wasting no time fogging up the windows 👌🎶		0
On the train heading home🚇🚉🚊❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️❄️		0
My passport photo is a legit mug shot		0
When I text/call you it's because I miss you, when I don't...it's because I'm waiting for you to miss me.		0
Ride by Somo is my jam right now just saying 💁🎶		0
Sitting on Bognor beach taking it all in just brings it all back and how times have changed :(		0
It feel good to see another year ... Thank you lord!		0
My left ass cheek hurts		0
I'm ready to go		0
Hopefully getting a 2nd job soon.		0
Commitment is dead, unless Kelly Rowland be like I'm yours ...		0
Got a pair of sport bras exactly like my Nike one that was $40 &amp; these were only $12 &amp; just as good. I'm never going anywhere else.		0
I am so fucking cold		0
In You, my hope secure. 💕☝️		0
Slipping and almost falling on my ass is starting to become a daily thing.		0
i can be your new favourite waste of time		0
Gas prices would go back up when I need to get some.		0
us healthcare system. worst class ever. so boring		0
House music just gives me that different vibe that no other genre can bring to the table 💃		0
Save us a page in the history books		0
Someone come over 😩		0
itunes keeps freezing when im syncing my phone. i am not appy!		0
Charity is that with which no man is lost, and without which no man is saved. - St Robert Bellarmine		0
Excited for 7th hour because yesterday this kid asked me if I wanted his gecko		0
I just realized the wanting of wind on my face is in fact called freedom. fs		0
I need to learn how to manage my time. Jesus Christ		0
Don't think about it too much too much too much... Theres no need for us to rush it thru..		0
He's my sun he makes me shine like diamonds.		0
What a beautiful day to pop a tire.		0
I seriously need to get outta bed..		0
Bitch Get Off Twitter		0
Today I finally grew some balls 💪😁		0
Question: If you've been highly recognized by your association with a particular Network/Industry, moved away and are looking to make a Bi…		0
Watching The Butler got my blood boiling!!!		0
Hooked me up phat		0
She's got dip dye back and it looks so goooooood		0
hate this class already. its my first day in here too.		0
I just wanna be in bed with my boyfriend and dog		0
Getting everybody in the kitchen to start hitting the gym. Mr An is gonna have a kitchen full of swol ass chefs		0
think I'm gunna buy the naked basics soon, those are the only two I like out of them		0
It's safe to say that when I have kids, they will definitely be getting homeschooled		0
Finally done!!!		0
Soup &amp; comfy clothes are essentials after the gym		0
A Day Closer to My Dream		0
Bout hit this cum.up		0
Not looking forward to my Monday schedule though..		0
Let yo tongue walk on dis *pu** ,, u fil n da blank ..... :-)		0
Right, no hanging about, time to get stuck in on the treadmill,		0
I like lobster a lot. But sure don't eat it very often.		0
One more class then work from 3-11/:		0
Greg Oden is 26 today - only 26.		0
crap on a spatula		0
I've never been so cold in my entire life		0
Gotta get me some new sneekers :P		0
”k bye.” That's how you know you pissed off a girl.		0
But in my eyes I'm the blood your the water😒		0
iCant Leave Drank Alone 🍼🍇 .		0
DIRECTV has the best.Are you ready for the DIRECTV customer experience?+ TwitterFriends save even more.You deserve it! Tweet me for promo's		0
Ok, now I need the ocean, a holiday, wine and cheesecake		0
Um how about no.		0
Whooooaaa dafuq happened at the tennis?? Ought to be an exciting last few matches (that I won't be able to watch -_-)		0
Love is a kind of war Ovide		0
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.		0
Don't be surprised when I walk away, I won't deal with your bullshit forever.		0
Blaze it 420 f-faggot		0
What's going on with my fellow Hispanics.. 12 year olds no longer need a stroller 😔		0
Im over these fucking mosquito bites!!!!		0
I would destroy on Family Feud.		0
God gives his toughest battles to his toughest soldiers.		0
Did you know that NYC is the nation's largest regulated housing market with app. 60% of units covered by government-assistance programs.		0
U.S. History is actually coo, I kinda look forward to that class		0
Everyone's in class and I'm SOO BORED		0
Zinhle's built like a pie		0
It's To Damn Cold		0
Its probably weird that I've begun to enjoy days of coding.		0
Just because you've loved and lost once or maybe a couple of times doesn't mean you won't love again.		0
O now we are going to sing		0
Lakers G Kobe Bryant (knee) to be re-evaluated early next week; has been out since Dec. 17		0
If I should die before I wake, it's because your love took my breath away.		0
I need a date with foam roller ASAP cause I'm walking like I have a stick up my ass today.		0
R&amp;B Songs Don't Even Have Bridges Anymore That Takes The Song To Another Level. Shows You The Lack Of Real Musicians In The Game		0
Everything happens for a reason, but lets face it no matter how many times you tell yourself that.		0
Love how guys all of a sudden think matas shit		0
Today has been bob!!		0
How's this professor 10 minutes late on the 1st day?!		0
Mari is so sad that the guys don't flirt with her. "It's like they know I'm married!!!!"		0
You was a good boy... Straight a's, basketball team.. I was in the Projects stressing these dope phenes		0
You've been hit by, you've been struck by, a Shrews criminal.		0
Why Do People Follow You Then Unfollow You?		0
Follow not to get followed be true		0
I can't associate myself with Debbie downers or people who have no drop of ambition in their blood .		0
We all have that one person that we'll always have feelings for, no matter what. Just one look, &amp; it takes you right back to those memories.		0
Plutonomy exists when the wealthy own and consume so much that they render everyone else irrelevant both politically and economically.		0
IM SO JEALOUS OF HIM		0
Yh and she flies down the road		0
are you an droid? haha..		0
Got dirt on you nigga and you thought you were low key 😅😅		0
Pissed that I cracked my phone again 😒😠		0
I'm hungry someone bring me food please I'm dying ._.		0
That Cute Lightskin Boy Stay In My Face When We In The Hallway Lbvs, Ima Say Some To Him If I See Him Friday. Cus Shorty Be Starring Lols..		0
I wanna fish saltwater today ughh		0
I don't think anyone understands how upset I am that I won't be at High Features's show tonight 😔 Why am I not 21 yet?! 😩😭		0
Life after the formatting of my external :( 1TB of my shit, all gone. Fuck this.		0
I never get tired eating Panda Express.		0
I walk in the spot all the hoes stop n throw flowers to line a path for me to walk		0
The best people you'll ever meet are the ones who will never judge you and accept you for who you are.		0
Why do they make textbooks to put in binders. Textbooks should be bound. Like a book. Not like loose leaf paper.		0
if the Yankees stay healthy and CC has a comeback year, I have no doubt they will win the World Series after this awesome offseason		0
This was said last night "I actually want a thot" ~ me		0
i'm far too sensitive with my emotions, i need to get a grip		0
It's actually so cold out.... Lol. ❄️❄️❄️❄️		0
Really sad I missed the last day of Mrs. Dubetsky class...		0
Call me crazy I'm yours		0
If mata goes to UTD I'm gonna cry my face off		0
what if i ordered a pizza on my first day here is that allowed???		0
Yeah, how long must you wait for it? Yeah, how long must you pay for it? Yeah, how long must you wait for it? Oh for it		0
Yesterday I fell asleep at 6 pm woke up at 2 am went to bed at 5 am and just woke up at 2:30pm ....		0
Welcome to the mind of a maniac 🎧 ❤😘		0
is a big fan of London. Goes around on his own taking pictures. Just saying...		0
Never Explain To Ah Bitch!!!!!!		0
Maths seriously could not of went much worse today, I would not be surprised if I got below 10%		0
RT for 6 free follows (( Must be following )) I trade 10		0
I sit around all day just waiting for a txt from a special person		0
My iTube has stopped working. This is the end :/		0
I never wanted this.. I just hope you turn out better than me		0
I just got asked to do a pageant in New Orleans. Why? Lol		0
Last Minute private party! Heck yes! Temecula here we come!!!		0
Guns-I'm a fan: Is it true that the Revolutionary War was fought with slingshots?		0
Building a mousetrap car and watching Boy Meets World on my day off		0
I gotta get a 4.0 tho		0
I like nice people that do illegal things.		0
Starving but I don't want to go out in the cold for lunch.		0
When someone likes you .. they'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.		0
These contractors can leave anytime now		0
Guys, girl-friends, and gossip girl		0
Look me I'm my face, I ain't got no worries!!!		0
Follow me people. Please and thank you Lol i just want alot of followers.		0
I'm still waiting on them strawberry pop tarts that I asked for yesterday.		0
Alright, time to eat.		0
"what's your natural haircolour?" "bleached blonde"		0
That made my day. I didn't know you could do that though lol		0
Gotta find a job, driving school to get my license, lotta looking		0
I haven't eaten since Monday night and I'm not even hungry 😐		0
rumo a : gym &lt;3 — a sentir-se ansiosa		0
I'm seriously sat in a room with two people talking about their dog's pissing issues and when I say pissing issues I mean weeing problems!		0
"FUCK IT" has gotten me through a LOT of situations.		0
It just clicked, Quentin Jammer is going the Super Bowl.		0
Pathetically crying my eyes out while eating easy Mac. -an autobiography		0
I just mad something to eat! Thats a first		0
Internet is full of scams job. Please be very careful!		0
Footloose is probably my favorite movie. 💕🙊😊🎬		0
Kinda glad I'm not on a college campus this semester with all these shootings and bomb threats.		0
Currently taking applications for prom dates.		0
Sometimes I just try on my winterball dress and cry at its beauty		0
My sister just hissed at me what is going on		0
But for now, a prelude to the sacred silence		0
And the National Assembly of Pakistan goes Solar ! A great news n achievement on moral grounds for energy conservation n budget cuts.		0
She talks way too much		0
When you can't change the past, focus on the future.		0
I don't bother flirting with disaster, I just make the first move.		0
Attempting to do d of e work with Katy and Emily... Emily's currently hugging my Joey Essex calendar and Katy's doing bum excercises..brilll		0
Some own the wheel buh they can't steer...		0
I am in need of a back massage badly!		0
sure. i'm good at stuff. just not at cleaning the coffeemaker.		0
Ok that was weird. Didn't hurt then. Does now. Told to take it easy.		0
Let me got off twitter &amp; get back to coloring 😂✌		0
Today's the day		0
I hate days like this. It looks nice out, all sunny n stuff, but blistering cold. What a tease		0
A nap after school is almost always a must.		0
Too many people are passing their driving test .... There aren't enough parking spaces .... Stop.		0
rewriting this whole review sheet with 98 questions😑		0
Having someone hospitalized for a laugh is never worth it.		0
Oxfam report states that the wealth of the 85 richest people in the world is equal to that of the 3.5 billion poorest people in the world!		0
why am I not over this yet		0
They pray for my downfall		0
Really enjoying my first day at interning... Lunch with my fellow coworker has been truly enlightening 😳😜👍		0
More than David moyes has fucked up united		0
Get to the gym find out training is cancelled lovely walk to town tho not shorts weather		0
Being stuck in a garage for 2 hours would be much more interesting if they weren't all 409 years old.		0
Sweat like you mean it, and play like you need a cup of orange juice		0
It's my 4th day in this classes and it's stupid. Fucking hate it and the professor		0
Jane practically gave me a week worth of sugar on this pancake.		0
slowly learning to play mb20 songs on ukulele very badly? Yes		0
What's the point if spying that shit so lame you end up taking every little thing to heart and over exaggerating little things just CHILL!!!		0
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.		0
Everyone has a story. Everyone has gone through something that has changed them.		0
Off to see Bells Are Ringing ! Hashtag me happy.		0
This is a strange week		0
Oh the adventures of the CAT bus...		0
I need a shot.		0
I want you. All of you. Your flaws. Your mistakes. Your imperfections. I want you, and only you.		0
don't ever spend the full day getting ready!		0
I found out that the DJ club doesnt accept unexperienced DJs SO THATS AWESOME		0
Next duty station is Charleston..		0
if anyone's in reading tomorrow holla as I shall be there 👯		0
Oh my.... Not more childish indirects		0
2 more Conference footballers trying out the Herbalife24 range		0
Hahaa.duuuuudeee...Libby is going to be so pissed .		0
Don't hit me up no more dumb bitch.		0
Broooooo I'm A Lucky Mofo 😝👏		0
AWWW Sean got his first college invite letter! 😳😭☺️		0
stop hating rohit,he s gr8 player.use hm wisely like should play only in india err against bangladesh		0
Don't trust no one anymore 😒 I Ride Alone		0
How to make pie....		0
One ride fuck it I can walk back		0
Wish I was in catered halls. Cooking is so much effort.		0
Zinhle has the guts to fight with her boyfriend? An actual person. A re she's too good for him? These shamrock pies hey.		0
Falcao will miss the world cup :'(		0
Fucking shitting dick rabbit chewed through my earphones 😭 🔪🐰		0
Stay positive and look at the possibilities, there are always still good possibilities out there, you just don't know it.		0
"2 days into term, 103 days to go" stfu myLC		0
why does everyone hate stan collymore so much?		0
Anybody need a coach ride to man city on Saturday? DM me for details!		0
worst day in ages		0
Your voice your words your smile are all my happiness 💙		0
Don’t expect someone to stay sweet forever because even the sweetest candy has an expiration date.		0
Can we not ?? -___-		0
I put my tears and money into that personal statement and you can't even be bothered to offer me an interview. Well fuck you snobs.		0
Have faith and be humble.		0
i want to be in a skins-type friend group minus the death and betrayal		0
I swear to god the irrelevancy of some of the girls and their "opinions" in this school has got me trippin 😂😂😂😂		0
Big game tonight! Time for all who can to show up!		0
Who's tryin to hit the peru y?		0
Daneri offering closing now in Schober case.		0
That run felt so good		0
I'll take 12 retweets and 1 favourite on tweeting Paul		0
i don't need you, you need me .		0
When the night has come and the land is dark, and the moon is the only light we'll see.		0
Listen to the voice in the back of your mind rather that ignoring it and regretting it later		0
I wonder how long it'll be before Obama uses the word bourgeois; he already sounds like Cristina Kirchner, might as well prove it.		0
There's something wrong with this setup..		0
Trey songz is so fuckinnnn sexyyy !!		0
Lol know how no one wants to bump into their ex looking their worse right? That shit dents your ego!		0
I hate the truth and I think that's my problem		0
"Lots and lots of yoga pants. That's all I want in life." - white girl walking behind me		0
The wanted are splitting up wHat		0
"Kild by a fall down ftairs at St. Thomas Apoftle" sounds like a song off Amnesiac.		0
the true terrorist against humanity is corporate greed - how much is in your bank account?		0
Most girls knowingly chase jerks, get hurt, and then complain about it.		0
College made me despise winter		0
50k with drugs on it, New chevy drop dubs on it.		0
Seriously oh my god		0
smh. how ya holding up?		0
Love crying in school 👌		0
Tomorrow World will be the graduation gift to myself		0
Werk Werk Werk. 4pm hurry up		0
The most difficult girls are worth it.		0
Does anybody have 3d design last block today? I was literally the oldest guy in my class last semester		0
and for the innocent		0
brb whilst I go shoot myself because Cameron maybe meeting you me at six.		0
dear university of ottawa communications department: i did not sign up for math, so if you can fuck right off with quan that would be great.		0
I want chic fil a fries and Polynesian sauce		0
Fuck you mad at me for? You ont' even know what I been through.		0
Caption b deep but ur really shallow		0
Adele - Someone Like You		0
People always suddenly miss you more once they see how much happier you are without them.		0
Life is too short to be unhappy.		0
This group chat right now I'm dying omfgggggg		0
Meant to be cooking dinner but contemplating midweek champagne instead of food.		0
Can't wait to Saturday, we okay therrel and she gone be cheering		0
Oh yeah. I forgot my dad isn't here so my mom is gonna take all her fucking anger out on me.		0
people believe rumors way to easily.		0
HES FUCKING DONE IT, LOW KEY!		0
I wanted to take a nap before polo but my eye is bleeding so I have to go to the doctor k.		0
I would hate to be on my sister's travel ball team. They're 8 and doing drills and conditioning that we did in high school. 😳		0
Good night pretties:) x Love ya all n thanks to new followers😍😍 it means so huge for me😚😘😜 xx		0
I need a shellac manicure because every time I do my nails it chips in .002 seconds 😒		0
I miss my bessfrend soooo muchhh !!		0
I'm still in love with you boy!!!!!!!!!!!! :3		0
Colbie Caillat never disappoints. She's my favorite to listen to at work!		0
why am I just realizing how great it is to be able to block people's numbers.		0
My school day consisted of 10 year old israeli boys teaching 5 year old boys and us how to pole dance and then they threw money at us ✌️		0
My favourite advert ever is the Compare the Market one with the baby meerkat. It's the cutest thing ever.		0
Ugh looking at debs dresses and I find a dress I like but I don't like the back or else the back is nice and the front in isn't		0
Hey, Nashville. Where's a good place to get a milkshake around town? I'm craving one. No I'm not pregnant and I'm not high. :)		0
That smile is what pulls me in		0
"Never Cut What Can Be Untied."		0
my heart beats only for you 👇		0
God, please protects and bless us! Amin!		0
Puffing the ecig in 2nd period right now.		0
Only know your lover when you let her go		0
Everyday I wake up that little bit happier 😊		0
I honestly can't stand you💁✋		0
It was hard for me to walk away. But even harder when you didn't even bother to try and stop me.		0
The truth always hurts 😕		0
Season 1&amp;2 of skins were by far the best, wish they brought those characters back and did another season		0
What ails unmarried women???Sijui bitterness nini nini...they need the D to shut up!		0
Can't wait to get a ep tonight		0
Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen, Elton John appear in documentary "Glad All Over: The Dave Clark Five and Beyond" April 18 on PBS.		0
He's playing skyrim instead of 2k		0
Last breath of the dying one and all hope is gone.		0
I don't want to go to work tonight 😫		0
LOL Ford calls the tax hike to cover the cost of ice storm "ridiculous". Maybe you should have called a state of emergency then you moron.		0
this broke my heart		0
I just want to tell the truth, before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot!		0
I'll follow you deep sea baby🎧🎶		0
It's only w e d n e s d a y		0
Spending my afternoon listening to buzzing		0
Don't cross out words on my paper without explaining why, you fuckwit. You're supposed to be picking apart my analytical skills.		0
I felt strong but am I breaking now?		0
They closed the gym at mackintosh bc of the snow. Ok. 😒		0
Who needs Tanaka when you have Michael Wacha? Cards have a rotation worth under 30 mil, as opposed to 22 mil a year for Tanaka.		0
Promise me you’ll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart.		0
And honestly if ezoo is moving upstate why the fuck would they cancel the last day then? That doesn't make any sense		0
Old ass weirdo lookin at me and shit while I'm sitting here waiting for this lab to open! 😩		0
I am that piece of your past you can never seem to shake out of your vision of the future.		0
Today is a celebration of life, my grandma celebrates 86 years of blessings and my bird has passed away to the heavens. HBD grams RIP birdie		0
I actually cannot aim when I'm tired...		0
Creativity is all around us its up to us to take advantage of it		0
if your soul is ugly, that pretty make up ain't gonna hide it		0
Is this dude seriously smoking an electronic cigarette in class right now? Wtf		0
Experience high quality HD with DIRECTV. Why settle for less? Contact us at 855-415-2110.		0
Life is like a camera lens. If you focus only on what's important, you will capture it perfectly.		0
Chick-fil-a sauce is heaven🙌🙏		0
Nothing like urinating into a small plastic cup to start your workday		0
Looking back.. what if... Why.... Happy....?		0
Class Einstein: Andrew Bronstein		0
We've waited so long and now is so close to us. I AM SO EXCITED AND HAPPY!		0
Today I had such a pleasant and comfortable morning 🌸		0
Me and the fam plotting on a vaca 🌊🌴🌴🐬✈️🚢😎🙌		0
Chemistry is my least favorite thing.		0
Pops calling during exams lol		0
I think I'm too nice. Someone help me😩		0
All about my riches my name should be Richard.		0
working for a health system does NOT make it easier to deal with getting appointments.		0
my new obsession with coffee is not okay. ☕️		0
London wait for me.		0
We've been having about 2 buying customers per hour the last couple of days...slow motion		0
Technically it wasn't in the church it was in the bathroom soo I'm not going goin to hell		0
maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new		0
Love making peoples day...		0
I'm so tired 😣		0
Text her something sweet while she's sleeping, so in the morning she wakes up with a smile on her face.		0
I really hate when someone makes plans with me, then cancels them last minute. Like, I even showered for you.		0
I be tryna be relaxed and everyone's edgy		0
You're a nothin' ass nigga anyway! Lol.		0
At the famous matts bar in minn for the juicy Lucy burger :)		0
Take the first step even if it scares you. At the end of the day, regret is much scarier.		0
so miss duggan is covering hamil 😶 I'm scared		0
Plz. Talk to me..		0
I always pull my hair putting on my backpack taking off my backpack zipping my backpack ✌️		0
I just flushed my Chapstick down the toilet 😭😭😭😭		0
how I get always looking for talks		0
Alan just told mrs. K he wishes he was her dad.		0
Oh, wow... Following... er, new insight, I have a completely different view and respect for people who are able to take knots...		0
I say, sell the DIA and artworks to pay for Detroit retirees and pensions. 👋		0
After waiting for my diamond sweatshirt forever when I was supposed to get it at Christmas they email me and me they can't send it...😠		0
We are who we are. Be yourself.		0
show love never get the same outta niggas guess its funny howe money could make change outta niggas		0
Lol, me? Go to a party? LOL, YOU'RE FUNNY.		0
And the Yenagoa guy gets justice 3yrs later..finally!!..some good news		0
Just had a snowball fight with my dad he won		0
Ride along is one of the funniest movies I've ever watched. Kevin hart kills me!		0
The best is yet to come .. ♡♥		0
Not everything is meant to be, but everything is worth a try.		0
When did Jesse Eisenberg become so sexy? Hubba hubba!!		0
😂 toooo damn funny		0
Someone found my blog today by searching 'Chloe Bennett's Measurements' 1st off- NUTTER, 2nd I have NO IDEA! 3rd- DUDE, get a HOBBY!		0
I wanna be your last kiss, last love, and last everything.		0
My God is awsome he can move mountains...		0
Bro said he jus wanna hit &amp; she trynna keep him .. Lol		0
Imagine theres no countries, it isnt hard to do. Nothing to kill or die for, &amp; no religion too. Imagine all the people living life in peace		0
I lost my voice, supporting u today..........xx		0
Now Netflix is messing up 👎		0
Everybody outside in the snow while my ass still in bed 😔		0
Your contacts: Chris John 😍😘 Brittany A musician's contacts: Sax Chris John guitar Thursday gig Cleveland Jess keys		0
They say all good things must come to an end, But what about Great Things?		0
Every time I taste coffee, I remind myself that I hate it. 😲☕️		0
This thing could be an opportunity to compliment people you don't know well enough but people just use it to compliment their friends		0
Why do they make packaging so hard to get into?! 😤		0
Why is my mom crying because she won't see kort anymore?!? 😩😂		0
Forgiving is hard but forgetting is even harder.		0
I know about Cantona&amp;United in the 90's cause of books and movies like everyone with a penis it just makes it not ok for me cause I'm a girl		0
Hate having to compare myself😔👎		0
Last class in 1 hour!! Finally!		0
Out of class early and heel bruise is gone for the most part, finally get to skate again😄👊		0
There's my laugh for the day✋😂😂😂		0
But now i'm blind from the snow and sun		0
I'm feeling crazy it's getting old now		0
I've been playing quiz up for the past two hours		0
And I wont let you be the death of me!		0
"I need to study!" *Opens book* "I don't feel like studying." *Closes book*		0
If y'all only knew that's such bs		0
here I come!!		0
I am listening to vampire weekend waiting for class to start and I was inadvertently humming the harmonies and people were listening haha!		0
Why is brandi on moshimonsters right now why😭😂		0
Devanon thinks this shit a joke , him and his bitches can smacked ‼️		0
Oh, Angelenos! Just because you CAN wear shorts in January doesn't mean you SHOULD. It's just gauche.		0
And tomatoe soup 🍵		0
A3 -- It all comes down to the story. Is it different? Is is relevant? Is it visual? Can it be told in different mediums?		0
Some people really make no effort what so all		0
Last day of office work. Very bitter sweet		0
Come home to find King Billy is back where he belongs!! Great news!!!		0
im so ugly, no wonder im single.		0
I fucking hate t-pain		0
$nq got hard time with 18.25 seller, will it get below 18$?		0
I laugh at everything Fs		0
Desolation comes upon the skies.		0
My 3 favorite songs are Tim McGraw		0
There's levels to this shit		0
Someone come over I will pay you by the hour 😩		0
can I skip English or no		0
Playing C.o.d ghost with my sister and little cousin.		0
Tomorrow . F I N A L L Y ;) ♥		0
Why are people still wearing snap backs		0
At least McDreamy is okay 😍		0
"You can't win child, you can't break even and you can't get out of the game."		0
Olaf is basically my spirit animal.		0
Ruby Tuesday lunch date.		0
Eaten my weight in jelly snakes 🐍🐍		0
"In times of chaos, beware of going in the same direction as the rest of the pack"		0
This school has no heat😩. 🅱RUH		0
When you ask professor a question and he answers it back to you like you're stupid 😒		0
I'll be home on Friday 🙏👌💕		0
So like does anyone park in these secret spots? Or am I doing it wrong?		0
If United wanted to be creativr, they could have used Kagawa more.		0
That feeling you get when you find new music that slaps!!!		0
My mama so damn nosey		0
Federer is putting in a clinic		0
I need pasta and internet shopping		0
My hair is a hot mess today and I hate it.		0
Serious study of the past provides the raw material for wise decisions today and tomorrow.		0
I'm doing this thing now where I post up at a shitty local bar and you bring me drinks with questions about your love life.		0
This week's getting worse and worse		0
I'm very convinced that food is the way to a boys heart		0
Ok so one of my profs is Charlie day and the other Is cam from modern family lmaooo		0
Tracy beaker never gets old		0
That moment when you see someone and your first instinct is to tweet and look like you're busy on your phone... Right now. 😬		0
giving a child a teddy bear originated from angry parents subtly telling their children they wish they'd get mauled by a bear.		0
People talk shit about auto-correct but it's saved me a few times from telling my wife I "lice" her		0
One thing's bound to happen. They will fall in love with each other, deeper and sweeter the second time. 👊💕		0
literally dying with all these pictures of Selena 😂😂😂😂😂		0
Love is in the air ❤️…🎶		0
I need me some Carl's jr in my life some chilli cheese fries sounds Bomb AF		0
back to reality today with school and all		0
Seems like big girls are more into leggings		0
My parents just said don't worry about going back to school today we'll take you out to eat instead. Good enough for me!		0
Can't wait for tomorrow 😆		0
Never knew loosing someone like this could hurt so bad and bring so much pain.		0
Can't wait to take the Chevelle out to one!&lt;3		0
Pops hooking up the office with slyman's always a bonus!!!		0
Until integrated, the directions of "in (toward the midline) and out" take precedence over "left and right."		0
Classic off my mother tonight "you'll seize up if you if you don't have sex soon!" 🙈🙊🙉		0
kinda really jealous that this girl sitting in front of me has the Canada goose jacket I wanted 😩		0
Oh and a Tiffany box waiting for me would be nice also.		0
This whole not driving thing doesn't workout for me 		0
Lunch of life!!!! Woooohoooo		0
i know i said i cancelled my birthday, but im officially re instating it		0
Fight for a nigga the same way I fight for you		0
St. Stephens played my life. 😠		0
Gotta sweep then workout then taking Lily somewhere fun! 😄		0
This the the first semester where a teacher didnt try to be funny and call me "Jawaanaman" this will be a good semester 😌		0
Anything from a 5 o'clock shadow to a full mane...I appreciate!!		0
I fell outside 😩😩		0
so if you didn't realize it, it is a bit chilly out. come warm your bones with us! open from 2p-8p.		0
I miss you... I don't know what else there is to say.		0
New colors in the monogramed Jack Rogers... I might have to break down and get them now ❤️		0
Taha Beverages working on more flavours including TAHA T		0
£40m is a lot.		0
Gonna Shower Early Today (:		0
Laying down!!! long night!!! geeesssshhhh		0
ive been so moody these past few weeks😒😒		0
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.		0
Living life without knowing		0
Why do people from Florida and New Jersey keep calling me?...		0
watching Pain &amp; Gain		0
Such a nice relaxed day and now have to go to work		0
Do we still get mail today?		0
The clients we work w/are the ones who understand that they perform better daily when their life and health is in order.		0
Dude keep calling me Brandi from A Thin Line Between Love And Hate		0
I don't care if glow in thendark isn't your "favourite" song ....YOU EACH BUY 5 PEOPLE OK		0
Ugh what the fuh ever....		0
Comunicado Ginebra1: "this must be a Syrian-led process that fully respects Syria's sovereignty, territorial integrity and unity"		0
One hour to go!!! Who will bag an award this year?!?		0
About 1 out of 5 people with don't know they are infected, so testing is very important.		0
Indentured servitude vs slavery... Interesting topic. 👀		0
Your Heart is your CREATORS, Give your Heart to Your CREATOR and he will Grant You the "1" that DESERVES YOU the Most ...		0
I feel weird being one of the few panic accounts who isn't extremely into fall out boy		0
Just asked my mom to use 5 adjectives to describe me for a college thing and she asked if bitch was an option. Love you too mom 😊		0
I'm i the only one who still likes soul music		0
Normal performance is restored - we are now doing a postmortem analysis.		0
Can some one please show me how much snow is on the ground.... I'm too lazy to get up and can't see out the window		0
Gotta keep me a 		0
Someone come get me and paige and take us to the jumbo buffet!!!!! 🍛🍢.		0
Your strongest enemy is the one who knows your weakest spot.		0
Think am in love with ziggy and Freddie roscoe		0
the good thing is that i overcame of what i fear the most		0
I'm sorry but a person's feelings aren't your personal games, so stop playing with them.		0
Behind every girl's favorite song, is an untold story.		0
Teachers are so annoying. Thy act like they know everything!!!		0
Not even The Dead is making me feel better right now		0
Cockroaches are terrible creatures, Stupid one is chilling it nicely out on my bed :'(		0
To be honest, not really sure how I have friends because I am always in the worst moods		0
I. Got. That. Juice ☺️😜		0
And the worlds shittiest friend goes to		0
Learn to use - Chat Online room web		0
Can't stand the Yankees.. Money = power		0
Offers my son food. 'NO' .. again 'No mommy!' One last time 'NOOOO' . So I eat the last bite 'I want some mommy!!' .never fails lol		0
Can't even have my lip piercings in anymore		0
- To improve for SEO, make sure keywords are in the ALT tags of all images.		0
Hello new followers! *waves* (and hey to those who've been around longer)		0
I smell a smelly smell that smells smelly ×o×		0
F flappy bird.		0
How hectic is 'The Blacklist?		0
Still Can't Believe She's Really Gone /:		0
Welcome back my old friend		0
My current side-project is eating so much time that I think it has technically become my main project.		0
I'm so annoyed at this point.		0
I wish I had the heart to ignore you like you ignore me.		0
Show these Manc cunts how to support our team! We support our local team!!!!! Hawayyyyyyyyyy		0
mums away, iv'e called her four times in last 10 minutes to ask about dinner never moving out💁		0
He finally made it here. 👏😊		0
"I asked her why she was running away, she said she was born to live this way"♥♥		0
What a man! smashed it!		0
Lisa's realities of writing in public: Chair dancing to fav songs, practicing facial expressions of my characters, HAVING TO GO POTTY! Ugh.		0
Have quesitons? Need a quote? Call our Specialist Kisha at 949-206-1183!		0
i was a women that wore dress es &amp; heels , those oy you that forced me to wear this cheap ugly jeans, sweats &amp; tshirts should have children		0
I hate breaking hearts		0
I want a Scarlett Carson on my forearm.		0
Don't leave me voicemails in 2014.		0
I hate people who always try and better you		0
Just won 17.50 on blackjack		0
It was written? or Illmatic?		0
where on earth is sodeinde samson?		0
I think I want to be a Journalist.		0
Harry was seen yesterday with a girl (Not Kendall). Praise the lord 🙏🙌 Hendall might be gone		0
Is life supposed to mean this I never dreamed it but I guess God had a plan for everything as I sit back and think		0
Schools going to be cancelled again tomorrow.... a high of 26 low of 8.		0
99% chance I failed.		0
Finally got a raise , I couldn't be any happier with my pay 😃		0
the only thing i will need in life is science		0
Competitive gaming is pathetic now		0
You see, I love you, and I don't want to lose you because my life has been better since the day I found you.		0
Brownies and cookies with nuts are a travesty.		0
getting out of the house and getting panera really hit the spot 😋		0
The dude next to me won't quit whistling 😑		0
running scared, I was there.. I remember it all too well...		0
I feed off the positive energy I feel around me when im rappin &amp; when someones freestylin they pump me up &amp; that cause me to go ham No pig😒		0
"Falling in Love is literally like smoking crack cocaine. Being in love releases the same hormones in the brain as cocaine."		0
Head in over to NCC Rec gym for free fitness advice from some fat guys. :D		0
Got a B on my honors final 😱		0
My feed is basically all about neck deep		0
we group ourselves w|people who are similarly flawed, it's safer to be a huge dark spot on the face of our society than scattered freckles.		0
Johnny Cash was the man..		0
I rewarded my exercise with poutine. I am a disgrace.		0
actually used to love chester zoo		0
This is my third semester in my program and I finally got good feedback for an assignment i did		0
came out with an 85 for the semester in AP Lit, can't complain!		0
Office has become a sensory deprivation tank. No lights with an ear plug chaser.		0
Who wants to give $400 for shoes?		0
i hate it when people laugh at their own jokes		0
From one job to another...the grind is real 😁💵💸		0
alot of fans say we don't need yet everybody is glad he's coming, lol		0
If u have a Y membership I suggest you come and ball!!!		0
You gotta be the asshole nigga to get what you want nowadays		0
I'm starting to hate my religion teacher more and more each day..		0
No matter how “busy” a person’s day may be. If they “really care”, they’ll always find time for you.		0
I honestly cant believe they closed every high school in Boston and many colleges I've seen more snow in 1/2 hr than we got last night		0
Kiss me hard before you go		0
Away to do my first review of 2014 - Ghost the Musical!		0
Twitter be funny as shit		0
Missed the MLB all star game when it was in Yankee Stadium..Can't miss another All star game that touches NY		0
My phone blessed ❤		0
When memories hit you, it hurts.		0
Love hard when there is love to be had.		0
Watch your stop step when you stand or walk on the block I rep		0
Bold Prediction Yankees, Lakers, and Cowboys will all win a ship within the next 3yrs		0
Talking about we going outside to search for wild life. Its seven degrees outside. Which means you have me seven types of fucked up.		0
So screwed for schoolwork this week😅		0
Now I can reply to people in PSO2 with super broken and incorrect Japanese!		0
not even them can stop me now		0
trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake..		0
😘love you beth		0
someone just tried explaining to me how to ride a bull		0
Ok i gotta study 😐👋		0
Juniors parking in the S lot		0
Every time I trust somebody, they show me why I shouldn't.		0
Bitstrips is still a thing? Dumb.		0
Hate when my mum goes 'jo come here' fucking hellllll		0
I wonder how shit gone be in a few months.		0
THEY WON A CD PLAYER		0
I won't lie to you. The dump I just did was hugely satisfying.		0
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.		0
I learnt that the hard way		0
Back at riteaid AND decided to run another marathon in Chicago.		0
The fact that I'm 18 and my mom told I wasn't going anywhere for spring break. ✋shhhh 😂		0
Finna pop up at his crib like a fuckin magic trick ; hocus pocus		0
Looking for insurance kills me😭		0
This movie the fuckin bid 😴		0
Ian gone stunt tho stranger by Jhene Aiko that's my shit!		0
I love my family		0
Smh only reason I came to school is cause I thought I was presenting today... Come to school to find out I'm presenting tmr		0
You call her a slut, a whore, and a bitch... But yet you were the one who dated her.		0
you watch italian horror		0
"There's only one way to do this problem: cry."		0
And I don't wanna forget how your voice sounds.		0
Watched Rise of The Planets Of The Apes, first time, had its boring bits, but could you really ask for a better last 20 mins. Bring on Dawn		0
Almost every person in this class is zoning out, staring at the ground or a wall, sleeping, or on their phone 😖😴😫		0
Shut up about the Wanted, no one gives a shit :)		0
I've just seen a party election broadcast from the Conservative party. I feel a bit queasy now.		0
It's not a matter of finding the right person, but a matter of being the right person for the one you choose to love.		0
Anyway, tadi siang semacam breaking records. 25 pages in about 4 hours. Jari langsung kram. Lol.		0
Big thanks to coach fitch and coach addazio for coming by the school to check on me💯		0
My mom annoyingly chews with her mouth open. Like jesus christ shut ur mouth you sound like a dog-.-		0
I Pray My Daughter NEVER Settle For A Nothing Ass Nigga &amp; I Pray My Son NEVER Settle For An Everybody Ass Bitch 💯👌👏		0
diggin the header kim		0
Watching Little Manhattan while all of you peasants are at school. In yah faceee🙆🙅		0
I really thought it was gonna be terrible based on the teachers who organised it but it was so good		0
Getting stir crazy 😝		0
Dear TSA, why do I always get randomly assigned to lines that are twice as long?		0
Summer 2013. Hurry the fuck up.		0
Few years ago I had 4-5 websites with nice traffic. Now when I know really more about webdev I have? 0... It's time to change it!		0
God can display his very great favour by kindness to us - Ephesians 2:7 (please retweet).		0
People laugh and make funny jokes, but the way you accept it is all they really care about. Just smile and laugh.		0
Bulls sign mike James to a 10 day contract 😒 whyyy		0
Good day mad a nice stack		0
I got that for $70 a line 😈👿		0
Why tf is jealousy considered a females trait? I know some grown men with jealous ass personalities		0
I don't wanna go to class 😢		0
Check out our Super Bowl Party EVENT on our home page! Please join and come enjoy a Sunday Funday with us!		0
"Ok class let's take role." 120 names and 35 minutes later 😑		0
'My life sucks but my vacuum doesn't' - Mrs. Powell		0
Anybody remember when we almost signed Mata? ... Do you think he regrets not joining us?		0
I discovered that I'll be graduating with honours! الحمدلله		0
"This is where we start again" - GooGoo Dolls		0
I am doing what i love and i love what i am doing! Rapper/Fashion Designer extraodinaire....		0
Saudi Arabia continues to support the people of Syria with 260 million dollars		0
Things making me feel old in 2014: Whisper, Yung Lean, others' sincere excitement/outrage about politics.		0
was talking shit about this girl and she was right behind me... oops		0
FINALLY getting caught up on House of Lies!		0
Bullied colleague into taking a set of tenants, now they're making a holy show of me not paying rent. Never cutting any1 a break ever again.		0
Wow paying attention really helps😱		0
Over two weeks into the semester and still haven't lost a sock in the laundry. Good signs.		0
Free My Nigga Ra 👮🔫		0
Just a thought.. If we could not have guns, some of yall would be in trouble.		0
How long after your loss did you attempt to get back to your normal routine?		0
Especially when I'm currently at a class sat on the floor because If I stand up ill Vom		0
I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I actually mean it.		0
Nothing much beats the spirit of 1532 high school boys		0
❄️i really wanna go to disney on ice❄️		0
Hi Barry Scott here......hi Barry why don't you fuck off my tv u useless twat 👍		0
Pray y'all safe at OU.		0
You crazy if you don't think KD deserve a ring this year		0
Idk what I did to you but ok		0
Everyone go fuck off		0
Who's in my group tomorrow		0
Dudes know what they be doin when they wear sweat pants with no draws 😩😅		0
I didn't realize how cold it was outside ... And I didn't wear a coat .... Fuck		0
omg, Little Mix have done a cover of Word Up		0
What happened to eddy ??		0
Today's about to be TOO long of a day. No doubt.		0
Best thing I've ever learned was never rely on someone else for happiness, I've made my own happiness with myself &amp; never been happier!		0
everyone is growing up so fast and im just trying to keep up but it's changing so quickly		0
Getting letters from colleges 👍😃		0
People really can't spell smh		0
Training all the day		0
My name always in someone's mouth. Understand that Im single, so i do as i please, dont like it cuff my ass, but until then? Stfu ♥		0
The only person im trying to be better than is myself yesterday		0
Delhi is all in Wrong News,AAP start working in Your Cabin,clears all the files,instead doing Drama.		0
Singing for sesame street, that are my boys fuckyeh&lt;3		0
it's my half birthday and I'm a little upset NO ONE made me food........................		0
Streaming now: Nolan98 road to gillie suit swag!		0
Have spent the whole day terrified that I got 24% in one of my modules. Turns out my module leader made a mistake and I DIDN'T FAIL!		0
All this confession shit is fake and rediculous		0
Let's make Vic smile today and let's trend this: We Always Support Victoria Justice RT RT RT		0
Why are humans so selfish? I include myself in this statement.		0
Furthest thing from perfect !! 💋💚		0
All failure is a failure in prayer. - Gleason		0
If vampires can't see themselves in mirrors, how do they trim those perfect little soul patches and goatees?		0
Just found the infamous yellow Adidas hoody!!		0
How can man say she looks like Dominic Claire FFs		0
homer_dreaming_about_sleeping.jpg is my life right now		0
Catching up on some teen mom 2!		0
I better marry rich or make myself rich because my taste is way too expensive for the amount of money that isn’t in my bank account.		0
Waking up in a bad mood 😾		0
we need some artist out here to preform in san francisco		0
In such a bad mood now hate being in my own bored out of my skull!😭		0
Rhodes 'loves' Blackburn: Jordan Rhodes says he loves being a Blackburn player and admits speculation about his future will not affect him.		0
Ban Ki Moon , A timid manager , A man who is controlled by some other person . I'm sorry for him.		0
Why am I burning the fuck up in class right now		0
Looking for nail art ideas has turned into looking for bikinis for holiday, don't ask me how 🙊☀️🍹		0
Whatever it is, it feels like it's laughing at me, Through the glass of a two-sided mirror.		0
My grandma just left me a message telling me how much she loves me		0
Simple moment...I was so happy to go to the park today but it's so windy &amp; cold 😪		0
School just teaches how to cheat and not get caught		0
We don't care what you say		0
Hyper than four hype men		0
Two major issues with Justified S5: 1. Rapaport unconvincing as southerner 2. big bads descending on Harlan becoming a Hellmouth situation		0
My coffee cup is making musical air sounds.		0
I'm not a big fan of Miley buuuut 💁		0
D-Bo is the OG. He didn't even put on tennis shoes...		0
I was upset about the internet being so shitty at u of m until my professor wanted to use it but he couldn't		0
Zac Efron, why you so sexyyyy		0
Everything i studied for spanish wasn't even on the test...		0
Lol mind your own business		0
Here at school thinking alot has come.		0
Sometimes sorry is not enough. Sometimes you actually have to change.		0
School shooting at purdue yesterday. School shooting at Oklahoma today. Crazy world		0
I hope Taylor Gall is doing ok.		0
Is it the weekend yet?		0
She told me and jose to feed her		0
Got the hottest chick in the game wearing my chain..		0
Hahah was earlier doing peoples nails in class		0
When a charity wants to promote itself. It doesn't ask the window cleaner it gets a member of royal family or another celeb because they		0
They only know the half..		0
Need to remove my fat lazy ass off the couch and go to the gym		0
12 degrees below zero this morning! TWC FCST BRIGHTON TODAY Snow Showers 14F TONIGHT Snow Showers 7F TOMORROW AM Snw Shwrs 13F		0
It's a good feeling seeing people fight for shotgun when I'm driving for once 😂		0
Why am I not getting notified of like mentions and retweets?		0
Surprised I was actually able to send out those last couple of tweets though. This is turning into a headache...		0
going from Pamplin to Surge in 15 mins is gonna be a hike...having class in Surge is just gonna suck in general		0
I will never understand people who set selfies as their background 😁		0
Saturday is gonna be a long day😢		0
Well that turned to normal to awkward in 0.0000001 seconds😬😬		0
I lowkey got stalkers		0
Now I want to go to the gym		0
just another .....		0
Why does this job such so bad? I have three hours left and it feel like forever.		0
I just want lots of Yankee Candles		0
Heated steering wheels &gt;		0
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.		0
Real men don't cry. They water their beards.		0
I need to learn how to block certain people...		0
You are the resources and the capabilities you glean from it. And that's the basis for all change.		0
... forget today just wanna be home		0
Can't wait for some warm weather		0
Thought it would be nice to read for an hour or so... that was five and a half hours ago 🙈		0
Completely unsure on Wave vs T&amp;N. Would have to play both a bunch. Advantages to both. Wave probably cooler, at least.		0
A nice foot rub will be golden right now..		0
If valerie doesn't hurry tf up!		0
... Save the squirrel sausage for tomorow I guess		0
Why Is this nigga picking his nose so confidently. Behave.		0
I never want to get out of bed lol.		0
Cuz I kno some girls who would love some lil durk n dey ear		0
I don't know how I am going to write and memorise this thing tonight.		0
im so self made bitch and i ik they hate it.. "FALL IN LINE" (2 Chainz voice)		0
I wish we could pretend like nothing happened and I wish I could just feel okay.		0
The first hug after being away from each other for a long time. &gt;&gt;&gt;		0
This teacher is way too much, I need out.		0
No one ever respects my damn feelings. You wonder why I'm such an asshole.		0
Expectations leads to disappointment which causes depression."		0
One Direction always reminds me of West Life....maybe that's why I love them so mussshhh		0
I fuck yo bitch then i fuck her face		0
I think my prof meant to say punch them into your computer or on paper. But he kept saying pound		0
You really need to stop being so cute.		0
well my dogs currently pretending to be a cat is that normal? :/		0
Ed Sheeran - Kiss me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		0
I gave Willie a small squirt of toothpaste in his mouth so he learns not to eat poop.		0
People who wait for the right moment end up waiting forever.		0
That's me only just in 😓		0
Things are seldom as they seem. What looks like a small iceberg from above normally is titanic below the surface.		0
“Awkward silence is actually the sound of synchronized exit strategy.” - Max, “Max Overacts		0
day off w nothing to do /:		0
I didn't know a game could be so stressful until I downloaded flappy bird		0
Don't understand why everyone is going on about this £40 million bid. Does it really even mata?		0
2 hour delay tomorrow turn up		0
These are supposed to be the best years of our lives and I'm not going to waste them.		0
I hate how the wifi only works in certain buildings🌵		0
Everything requires so much effort right now, don't like this :(		0
You said she ain't make no noise but when I had the bitch she was hollern		0
I just had a flash back moment to high school, and thought I was back there because I just was a person who used to go to school with me.		0
Okay, okay, I'll go start writing all 7 reviews I'm behind on, geez.		0
See she the type of gurl that a nigga like. She aint a jump off she help a nigga fight. She more than a lover she more like a sister."		0
All I know is that you're so nice You're the nicest thing I've seen I wish that we could give it a go See if we could be something		0
I would like to get back into doing clan wars again &gt;.&lt; need to hit first person shooters harder		0
The people at my school are annoying af		0
Jay-Z is set for life. He could retire if he wanted to but he continues to make music for the fans. That's what he loves to do!		0
Thousands of passengers stranded along Morogoro-Dodoma road destruction of bridge by floods.		0
Hey 43 remember when I broke down on you yesterday at 6 am?		0
New Jewellery and ticketing. Getting prepped for The Sheffield Vintage Fair at the Town Hall this Saturday.		0
Because all you do seduces me 🔥✨		0
I'm obsessed with waffles		0
Biting on my neck, scratching on my back, confidence in the sheets is something I don't lack... 😏😏😏		0
When you're with female company for ages and they leave and you can finally fart		0
Every body has that one person that they'll never lose feelings for.		0
My current stress level is through the roof		0
William hill 6/1 hernandez score first and man utd to win 6/1		0
Can all this snow go away		0
I GOT BEAUTY I GOT CLASS, DID I MENTION I GOT...!		0
I love how when other girls do messy buns and limited make up they're adorable...but when I do it I look like I've been on crack for 5 days		0
Trust, who only trust you.		0
As long as I've followed hockey closely I've seen nothing but frustration coming out of Washington. Heh.		0
We coming for the turkey bowl next year		0
A5: I do because Radiant Orchid POPS!! I think it would look really nice with Platinum!		0
GUN CONTROL IS NOT THE ISSUE		0
Voytek: division between SSW and EW is process issue and not time. [then need to be incredibly specific]		0
Should I buy an ipod with my osap money... hmmm		0
These people next to me are so fucking annoying		0
So were any of Trivium's later albums any good? Have recently rediscovered Ascendancy		0
Start training tomorrow New Job 😁😁😁		0
You just keep fucking talking and I don't want you to be		0
When Adam disobeyed, the whole world cheered. When Christ obeyed, a whole new world cheered.		0
Love how your trying to be me		0
Thinking I'm gonna order a pizza for dinner tonight.. 😋		0
Can't beat beans on toast with shit loads of melted butter 😍		0
Need to wear glasses for "concentrated work" from now on, eg music reading and board work - oh well		0
Everyone really left the house and leave me here with nothing to eat -_-		0
Leem bein grown so he leave me no choice but 2 kill him		0
We re almost scoring and the loudest people on twitter are still arsenal fans. Sad		0
my body hurts so bad		0
Illegal paroled for robbery NOT deported - murders cop. Now Obama State Dept. wants to delay execution. Should have deported B4 he murdered		0
"If I give to a needy soul, but don't have love, then who is poor?"		0
I kind of want to live in a dorm again but with a normal roommate and on a better campus near my friends.		0
Trip to sainos ends in a customer recognising me from when I worked there and asking where stuff is to him telling me I have beautiful eyes.		0
I hope Tom is right...I still feel like its just consolation so we all calm down		0
I Can Not Deal With My Cousin And His SnapChats		0
But when she gets home, she puts her headphones on. She plays her favorite song and fades away.		0
Hold on man... Is just for a while		0
If by "normal activities" you mean locking myself in my dorm and hiding under my covers, then yeah I'll do that		0
A signing like Mata would boost United so much. Better than every midfielder they have by some distance.		0
"I'm Ghostfaced up..military style down... Nuff ammunitions of rounds across the chest..." Wu Banga 101 !		0
What a beautiful mess I'm in		0
I knew it wasnt over.		0
Maksy Waksy is 9 months old today!! Ah I'm sooo proud of how much and how well my little angel has grown!!!		0
I'm sorry baby, you were the sun &amp; moon to me. I'll never get over you, you'll never get over me 🌞🌝❤️ xoxo		0
No fare box on the streetcar.		0
On Dustin Jefferey: If he clears waivers he'll likely be assigned to AHL after Thursday's game. No call up for now unless there is an injury		0
I introduced my two best friends I grew up w/ to each other and they became best friends and I became the acquaintance.		0
Someone burns popcorn every other day in this office 😖.		0
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If it's not, you'll find an excuse.		0
Where's my bestfriend today		0
Nigga what s pass? Tranqui		0
Bad move bro bad move :(		0
Perks of starting your day at 930am... Already done a full days of shopping and it's only 1:30.		0
I love Alex Wolff even thoe he doesnt know I exsisted		0
When do I not get disappointed.?		0
I like dark skin boys..light skin boys don't do nothing for me		0
The funniest thing I've heard today was "Don't pack a coat, cause hell is hot!" Context: Aimed at an atheist putting down God &amp; Jesus		0
Mata valued at £35m so Man U have bid £40m but are prepared to go up to £45m GENIUS.		0
Only having 3 days of school this week. I'm okay with that(:		0
If I only had three words of advice, they would be, Tell the Truth. If got three more words, I'd add, all the time.		0
I got 2 out of my 3 W2's back 👍		0
Just hope it's goes well Tumao		0
The heroes at the gym who use 3 stations at once because they're doing a "circuit"...get a grip		0
Shorts can spin it anyway they want to but this is very good news for $VRNG		0
"It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish." - Mother Teresa		0
I needa get back to work so I can make money.		0
Jerry Springer is pure entertainment 😂😂😂😂😂		0
I wonder why i have the dreams i have 👀👀👀👀		0
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. 💜🙌		0
Haha. 15yo girl is talking about love till jannah.		0
Y'all ladies do know you don't have to show a lot of skin to be sexy?		0
i'd love to take santoro's comic class but is it worth it?		0
Baby love me lights out		0
my favorite artist just followed me back on insta 😍😻😍		0
And we gonna let it burn?		0
I want to go to school and just hug you forever!🙈💕		0
🌻 its pretty out		0
why do we have no school tomorrow lol		0
Hey my birthiversary is on friday hinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthinthint		0
Bitches never loved us		0
This is why I take night classes🔫		0
Being with you &gt; anything.		0
Only freshman in this class		0
I like wearing my glasses but feel so blind when I take them off😒		0
Thus monetarist believe monetary side as the main driver to answer all the economics challenges		0
American way with the girls🇺🇸		0
Hearing his voice on the phone makes me cry 😢 I miss you baby 💙💙		0
This is so gay!!! 😡😡		0
Domestic abuse motion gets full support of council		0
Actually I'll stay at UCLA, I love it here too much		0
Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile.		0
Is the center open??		0
one direction are singing in sesame street ohmygod		0
Do we have school tomorrow		0
don't let me down		0
And I think Paul George is my favorite basketball player right now		0
I needa ski mask out this bitch Ctfu		0
Announcement coming Friday afternoon!		0
Your behavior still boggles my mind		0
every long lost dream led me to where you are		0
OKC on another back to back		0
You. You. You. You're all I think about.		0
Ray Romano is doing the voice of my Penis in Pixars new film"Polar Vortex",It's a story about the shrinkage of my balls,Voiced by Vin diesel		0
I look so ugly on snapchat 😭		0
my bag smells a little like dog pee so that's how my day is going 😊		0
Looks like I'll be going to Roanoke Saturday morning .. 😁		0
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now		0
After a blazing hot day it starts raining so hard that I can't even hear myself think. I just love it!!! ☺♥		0
When Owen takes my phone. &lt;&gt;&lt;&lt;&gt; 😕		0
Your touch drives me wild.		0
I really should've invested in some boots lol		0
Currently bumping No Way Out		0
Lemme watch thats racist...		0
Most girls say they want a "good guy", but when they meet him they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks, and end up heartbroken.		0
I work Ina Jewish facility w/ all Jewish food, all Jewish everything! I'm gon go crazy! 😶🔫		0
I think popeyes and I have gotten to the level here popeyes calls me and I don't call them :)		0
That really excited me idk why		0
When love is real, it doesn't lie, cheat, pretend, hurt you or make you feel unwanted. It's supposed to be a cure to all your worries.		0
That sonny valentines accent on hollyoaks goes through me rrrrr shut up!!		0
..all I know is that you're sure lookin good in my shirt.. 🎶😍😘💕		0
I miss so many people		0
3. Iowa has been so good this year at adjusting and stopping play-makers like Stauskas. May get his in the 1st half, but won't in the 2nd		0
And I'll do exactly that whether I have a Valentine or not. I mean, that's pretty much my routine. Cooking bacon and listening to R&amp;B.		0
Today's Inspirational Quote: "Your rough beginning equipped you to walk uphill without breaking a sweat. Compared to your past trials...		0
sometimes human is more active than owls.... nyte...XD		0
Loved u like a brother , miss you man .....❤️		0
Just bring me a flower Cause I'm a simple girl All I need is a single rose For you to rock my wooorldd 🎶🎶		0
this day consists of candy crush and food only		0
People forget we didn't even need van persie we had berba Rooney Hernandez an welbeck		0
Without Dreams We reach nothing. Without Love We feel nothing. Without God We are nothing.		0
Cannot wait to go back to Fred tomorrow.		0
Is a bottle of fosters acceptable on a jog ?		0
Bookies smashed		0
I want to live in a world where auto shops don't exist because vehicles never need new (anything, especially) brakes.		0
I remember when I used to go mru and all my friends were at uofc, now that I am at uofc they are all at mru. shitty		0
Our interns drive nicer cars than we do.		0
Some of these valentine cards are hilarious 😂		0
when your cardigan is longer than your shorts		0
she was pulled from the shower her body still dripping wet a smile from her face at what she met until the pain then the smile shrank		0
Getting over this i hate this 😤😤😤		0
i hate this class with a passion		0
I can't have hot drinks without burning my tongue		0
Girls enough with the "but guys don't like that" thing. Be yourself and be confident and some guy will		0
This house is so small but I still feel lost.		0
really wish i had service in all my classes		0
What the hell iPhone! Left it on the seat while I went to get a drink, come back and it's on the floor with a smashed screen. Not amused.		0
Its a hazard for others noses.		0
also said: "If Yanukovych does not make concessions, then tomorrow (Thursday) we will go on the attack."		0
how do you become one of those people who decides who gets nominated for awards because i want to be one of those people		0
I dont get why some women hyphenate their last names, or keep their last names when they get married..		0
Got a nose bleed on the coach home, and now my shirt is covered in blood		0
I jus wanna go to cali n live with my grandma for the rest of my life is that too much to ask for		0
Josephine Johnny Lawd have mercy!		0
You're all I want		0
the adventures of merlin		0
somewhere only we know		0
There are poems inside of you that paper can’t handle.		0
Funny how everything changed		0
Dear Past: Thank you for all the lessons you have taught me.		0
Just ordered another Duck Call!		0
Tattoo nightmares and bad ink &gt;&gt;		0
My bankstatement has made me re evaluate my life		0
You will never learn		0
THIS WIND &lt;&lt;&lt;		0
Woke up tired Shower now a nigga brand new :)		0
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.' ~Maya Angelou		0
follow me on instagram: adorepaulien		0
I got a job ah		0
You can't force someone to love you. You can only stalk them and hope for the best.		0
I think some journalists should stick to reporting stories and leave analysis to analysts		0
makes me so fucking angry like just fuck off		0
Brilliant, a man next to me in nando's is with his wife and kid and he's got the football playing on his iPhone whilst out for a meal!		0
Water fountains are for commoners		0
Them bitches gon fuck cause money longggg 💰💸💳		0
But nothing beats Conspiracy Keanu		0
To Greenville I go! 😁		0
In the morning I open the freezer to get some yummies and bag of chicken tournados literally jumps out at me as I yell "Holy motherfucker!".		0
To the lady that tailgated me and seemed upset I wasn’t going 100 mph…until we passed a cop. You’re welcome.		0
It's been 6 years... Brenton		0
Found out something I never wanted to hear		0
I hope someone died in Pretty Little Liars last night.		0
Keep them coming! MATCHGAME: The last time the Leafs won six straight_______.		0
First the Jonas Brothers breakup, now The Wanted ! :( boooo!		0
01/22 Southwest Beef Chili or Spicy Brocolli &amp; Leek Volute. Stop in for a taste!		0
GREATEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!!!!!		0
me: "whats euthanasia?" aim: "its a country I think ell" dad: "aim you're thinking of south east asia" 		0
It's not hard to find someone who tells you they love you, it's hard to find someone who actually means it.		0
Damn another shooting at Oklahoma university! This is getting to be too much		0
Getting sick now ty		0
whos horny? hmu for a good time		0
basically i luhh me some CapriSun		0
Showered well rested enjoying my day off		0
What do we do when there's a fire in the Nursing building?.. Move to the library to finish class!! 😣😫		0
Why am I tweeting about it people on Twitter don't care		0
If I see this ugly ass smile on FB one more time		0
I'm so mad when I smoked nobody did now that I don't everybody does .		0
If I think about baseball I'll swing all night YEEEEEEEAH		0
because you're the reason i still alive..		0
I have accomplished nothing today 👏		0
Today my roommates and I have planned to start season 3 of Game of Thrones ... They're not ready		0
Ok. My crush replied. He's just come out of relationship &amp; isn't looking for anything at the moment but he was really good about it so YAY!		0
I have so many Valentines Day cards now like it's not even funny		0
all I want to do is stay in bed and continue snugging with daisy but instead I have to go to work 😭😩		0
What on earth is going on with all of these school shootings!!		0
1st and last parking ticket		0
I'm about as hip as my grandma		0
They are my boys		0
Man 12 always fuccin some shit up		0
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing is, be yourself.		0
a snowday sounds fun until you realize you have absoluTELY NOTHING TO DO		0
I want bigger boobs and an ass 😒		0
' Omw To Finish My Application Process		0
The hustle is real this week 👏📚☕️🔄		0
I can't take this business stats anymore ... Fuck 2 hr classes 👨🔫🔫		0
I love Monsters Inc🎥		0
Talk to me boy ...		0
am always smilling dnt know why		0
"Good morning, beautiful." That's all it takes.		0
Still a long way to go but gotta sleep now		0
Every act, every plan, every ritual, it would be better if it was all based by Allah SWT 🙏😇 Bismillah ...		0
I'm that kid who'll forget that Twitter exists and come back to it around three weeks later...		0
Bored outta my mind i need txten buddies (girls) hmu on kik 105		0
Mistakes can turn you into a better person than you were before, as long as you learn from them.		0
My stepdad still watches the DVD of 1973 FA Cup final win once a year, and he still celebrates when we score in it.		0
once again thanks for making me feel like shit, it's not like i've had an awful day or anything		0
Can't get the what if's out of my heaaad		0
I am more nervous figuring out how to get to the other side of campus at 1:50 to a 2:00 pm class than I am nervous for the actual class		0
yeah im a lil obsessed		0
Scott Chandler would be a good fit with the patriots		0
I always assume then overthink		0
Just because you know what i feel...doesn't mean you understand how it feels..		0
Well it's 44° outside and the girl in the bikini laying out by my pool obviously doesn't care.		0
My day starts backwards... I wake up tired 😴 and I go to bed wide awake.😳"		0
Christina's so kind saying she missed me today👭👭		0
Three days into my new commute between Waterloo and Victoria and I wish I was working outside London already :(		0
But this is gett'n ridiculous		0
About to do A beep conditioner! Need it		0
Friday is my second favorite F word.		0
Put Emma's name in google images and I'm actually weak looking at the pictures that came up 😂😂😂😂		0
ever got to the point of being so angry all you can do is cry, yeh that's me😶		0
All for attention -		0
I bet you think i'm completely fine but no		0
I must get so annoying after a while..		0
SOOO happy that Kian is releasing an album!🙊 So excited!		0
When did school/campus shootings become a trend?		0
Wont believe anything until he's on the pitch. More chance of me winning the lottery		0
From this point on		0
So grumpy when hungry		0
sail around with your voice and rhythm.		0
I must say hope hospital is a great place to spend six hours of your life being tested on		0
Not that they are similar in play style, but they do play in the same attacking midfielder role, which United haven't used in the past.		0
U are NEVER gonna make it		0
I don't feel right, ain't got enough haters. somebody send me some so I can aggravate em.		0
A little late but I'd love to 😍		0
Need a card for a sweet shop wholesalers 😔 🍭🍬		0
Great news that Neath railway stn is to get a revamp. For any town or city to thrive, it needs to invest in its transport infrastructure.		0
Id kill to be on the mountain right now		0
If you hardcore teach on syllabus day, we aren't friends.		0
well i just got all 5 continents 100% correct in a row so i can definitely do it theoretically...		0
Literally just watched my windshield crack...		0
ive been up for an hour and im already drinking. let the games begin		0
I'm gonna end up being a lonely Scrooge 😪		0
Statements of insight (i.e. What's interesting here...) help audience get meaning out of what's in front of them. webinar		0
Woo I love the dentist 😁		0
Steps in talking to clients: 1. Say your name. 2. Say your company. 3. Explain the alphabet. 4. Explain words. 5. Say one sentence. 6. Pray.		0
Miss it in here......		0
I heart life on twitter		0
Expansion - NEBRASKA and BLUE JASMINE add Yonge-Dundas Fri. Former continues at Carlton and Can Square, latter at Mt Pleasant.		0
The hot and the cold are both so intense put them together it just makes sense!		0
Coach ed discussion: Stuff = practical materials &amp; free drills etc Guff = discussion on coaching practice People want one without the other!		0
I got nephews to look after👀		0
I just want the truth		0
why do i feel bad whenever i have to say no to someone who asks for a follow back even tho i've stated NO follow backs in my description? :(		0
Hv a good days ahead. Goodnight assalamualaikum ceh bye		0
You headed to in 2014!? I wanna hear your plans, act your stoked on, how your traveling &amp; what you chose for accommodation! GO!		0
Turn up for bible study tonight		0
I wonder what would happen if anelka made is quenelle gesture at a spurs game?		0
"What do you know about this shooting that didn't actually happen?"		0
I hate this place.		0
reload reload, re re reload the music		0
Only know you love her when you let her go.		0
I hope the cast of are nominated for an		0
Do my tweets make sense?		0
Circled all the words i didnt know on the italian test and put huge question marks everywhere cause lord knows we didnt learn that shit		0
Sooo who wants to come over and help me shovel? ❄️		0
Pre-order OXYMORON now. Oh Ma Gad		0
this is the third time I've gone to Starbucks specifically to get a croissant and then FORGOTTEN TO ORDER IT I just want one pls		0
It's a perfect weather to go jogging but fuck dat *turns on xbox* yessssssss👏👏👏💯		0
Radford your wifi is absolutely TERRIBLE!!!!!!! 😡		0
Oi, head over to our Facebook page in about an hour...		0
What made me think that cafeteria food would be good...		0
I don't know how I could of slept on you.		0
I want McDonald's 😔🍔🍟		0
This girl has been talking the WHOLE class period… I pay the teacher to talk, not you.		0
THINGS THAT ARE FAKE: The Simpsons; Breaking Bad; Father Ted. THINGS THAT ARE REAL: Lovely funny people; Petty-minded wankers.		0
Literally feel like a marshmallow because of all the layers I'm wearing		0
Tbh imma miss school after it's all said &amp; done. Hopefully my schedule is cool next year 😕		0
Some kids are way too serious 😁😄 live a little!		0
Catching people watch you snapchatt is possibly one of the most awkward situations		0
In Livermore today, our slices are Sausage, Red Onion &amp; Feta, or Pepperoni, Pesto &amp; Pineapple, or Spinach &amp; Mushroom! Slice+Salad+Soda=$9.99		0
Good lord no wonder your child is a dud!		0
Horrible ref. This is probably his first game at this level.		0
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all'		0
6 day week is killing already!! It's only Wednesday.		0
I haven't gotten out of bed yet😁		0
Nigga's sip codeine like its lemonade		0
I still haven't gone food shopping so tonight's dinner consists of a sausage roll and three chicken dippers.		0
Nah naruto and sasuke are dying fam what is this?		0
I don't get why things happen sometimes ..... Nobody deserves to be treated in that way		0
Some girls don’t realize what they’re worth. Some guys don’t realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing, then he realizes.		0
Hoping that my hair is curly tomorrow💁		0
In many ways, unwise love is the truest love.		0
Finally seeing I'm the only one in the theater! YESSSSS!		0
Actually enjoying healthy eating		0
and she loves me ☺️		0
Cons of being sick: missing a final and feeling like death. Pros of being sick: five day weekend hollaaaa 😎		0
I like people not knowing about me..		0
Can't believe I got sick really bad		0
Really wanna try some chocolate covered bacon soon on some fat ish		0
Nothing will change unless YOU do! When struggling or in a slump don't complain or make excuses. Work HARDER &amp; SMARTER it will pay off.		0
its my life dat is going nowhere		0
Remember, the best is yet to come.		0
Redoing my room will be the death of me. 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫		0
I wana do hoodrat shit with my friends		0
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.		0
I'm just mad about the Saturday classes because A) I'm already overwhelmed with classes and B) I have a family event one of the days.		0
This weather makes me want to do 2 things. Get high &amp; play hockey lmao		0
Mama if you see this post come get me. Thank you!		0
The more mathematics classes I take, the more I am convinced that it's magic/sorcery. There is no logic in this process.		0
It's so hard to study with Netflix in my life.		0
I just hope nothing ever goes wrong 😶		0
It's hard looking left when my worlds on my right		0
My babooshka's hometown is OFF THA HOOK.		0
Also I wonder if this is the same third party Utd knew nothing about re Herrera in the summer		0
When I'm alone, i think of so many things to say to you, when I have a chance to tell you. I go speechless.		0
At least I'm not at newman friday		0
Don't Explain Yoself To Me Idc 😂		0
Why do people feel the need to abuse people on twitter, fucking grow up ! And little boys who threaten girls, fucking threaten me !		0
MD ain't got shit for me		0
Losing a part of yourself is much easier than losing the one you love.		0
This haircut is really starting to grow on me		0
Felt good having lunch with all my day one girls 👌		0
it's smells like death inside the GCB right now. 😷💀		0
A lie is still a lie, regardless of the reason behind it. You can say you did it for a good cause but the point is, you still did it.		0
She's not mad, she's hurt.		0
Home sweet home, soft bed, just lacking a body warmer ;)		0
Can't remember the last time I was this angry		0
Today I'm going to be that person on the underground with and obnoxious sized suitcase ... Sorry sorry sorry sorry 😩		0
There's not an old catchy song that I haven't pommed to		0
Mr browns in my house 👀👀👀		0
only you can give me that feeling♡♥♡♥		0
I learnt my lesson ^^		0
they take it down like water just to burn away their sorrow,		0
Training legs has to be the worst form of masochism. BUT! It has to be done		0
If your dreams don't scare you, they're not big enough		0
I got all the syrup I got, I got all the syrup		0
Whatever the heck that is		0
Do not have time to go out for a meal but I'm so hungry :( looks like coursework is gonna have to take a back seat again :/		0
I hate when I can't get comfortable		0
I like it when you smile, it's cute.		0
"When you help other people you also help yourself. It's impossible to not feel good when you do good for other people."		0
"She's better known for the things she does on the mattress" 🎧👌😂		0
Love doesn't depend on sight or sound, just heart beats.		0
Stouffers needs to make Armenian family of seven sized servings		0
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough		0
It's crazy how I automatically smile when I talk to you.		0
AshleyPurdy I think if you actually followed me, I'd cry and be the happiest girl on earth. You,Andy,CC,Jake and Jinxx saved my life &lt;3		0
The chimney sweep, the chimney sweep, he came at 2 o'clock. I showed him where the furnace was, and he showed me his.....		0
Let the light of The Lord shine through how you live your life, not what you say.		0
"I believe in this movie you're watching a character's life be saved by tragedy!" -Anne Hathaway		0
Keep treating me like shit and you'll see 👌		0
A buffalo wrap combo from wow&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I want		0
never thought id have to resort to doing a certain activity just to stay warm		0
I wish Calum Best would trim is beard		0
This is so annoying		0
I'm gonna spend my Valentine's day with the squat rack (:		0
linkin park - pushing me away		0
BEST MISTAKE IS A LITTLE MUSHY FOR ME, I HAD TO GET IT OFF MY CHEST THO, NOW BACK TO THIS YARDFATHER HIP HOP SHIT....		0
My eyesight is worsening :(		0
More than anything, I want you to be thinking of me.		0
Hey at least I don't take science :-)		0
My nails look so cute 😊💅		0
i really like 5H and i met them at westfield sunrise mall on october 23 i think? i like little mix so much more though		0
Soul searching ideas: stay the entire day at your local library and indulge!		0
haha snow day today😈		0
Everybody could have kik each otha		0
buti pa ang computer may sleep..		0
We always hurt the ones we love...		0
There is no "I" in team, but there is an "I" in win. -Michael Jordan		0
I always dance in the booth when I'm tanning		0
Just slept for 12 hours, and all I wanna do is go back to bed.		0
Need these 2 hours to go by ...then I can go home!!!!!!		0
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings &amp; emotions.		0
Rob Ford is one of the top 5 reason I love toronto 💯		0
Prolly hit the gym early.. Twice today at that..		0
im still tired , oop 🙊		0
$TING. West Coast. No Grey.		0
Jesus my room is cold!		0
Who else is home sick??		0
Fck all those fck bitches!		0
Thug life? More like hug life. Come here		0
sitting in there watching the time and doing nothing		0
The milk at the end of the coco pops bowl is like the best thing ever		0
I thought friends were supposed to be honest with each other		0
"If it Ain't About My Son Don't Call Me"		0
The lollipops terry sells are good asf		0
When someone snapchats a picture of their face and it breaks your phone 😂😂		0
The first day of class is more of a reunion of friends than it is a lecture and I'm okay with it.		0
It's that time of my life where I once again submerge myself in the Harry Potter books. Can't. Put. Them. Down.		0
I wore gloves on my lunch break and my hands STILL turned bright red from the bitter wind. This winter is no joke.		0
Netflix and Gossip Girl and food.		0
What happened to the love we both knew?		0
I hope she meant bra and not a mask with a boob on?!		0
I miss you tough girl!		0
not ready for this pre cal test 😩		0
Yes, I'm a girl. I get jealous sometimes, I push doors that say pull, I wish for love at 11:11 and when I say I love you, I'm not lying.		0
Who's got an orange Wednesday code they wana give me?? Xxxxxxxxxxx		0
Sitting under the dryer at work because it's freezing in here. Also I'm eating a Snickers.		0
Lemonade is my weakness. Especially strawberry lemonade.		0
ONE MORE CLASS THEN I CAN GO HOME AND TAKE MY PANTS OFF thank god		0
I'm already dreading Thursday. It's just a rubbish day.		0
I'm out for the day.		0
Did you know it's National Soup Month? Best time of year for it! Right now we've got Sausage &amp; Penne soup at Coppola's.		0
My Film Study class is in A hallway.		0
A real boyfriend would try finding new ways to impress his girl even after he has her..		0
Someone call me. 4107825738		0
Home game before trip. Lets get it DC		0
Fuck I'm bored at home		0
It's not the guns that kill people... It's the person pulling the trigger.		0
Smith has acquired Irish citizenship... Just a matter of time before he starts playing for England...		0
Despite the bus cancelation today, period 1 exams will proceed Thursday Jan 23 and period 2 exams Friday January 24.		0
The Kooks - Naive 🎧		0
I will never officially know how to do the NaeNae I can put my arm up tho lol		0
Everyone leaves. Even your shadow leaves when the sun isn't shining.		0
I want to be rich.		0
im actually being moderately productive today!!! (๑•ૅω•´๑)		0
"So lying underneath those stormy skies she said oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh. I know the sun must set to rise. This could be para- para- paradise..."		0
You deserve a lot better.		0
First finance exam today. Lord help meeeee so many equations.		0
When does this class end		0
All that's on my facebook news feed is new born babies		0
im so bored of school routine		0
So mr anders gave us test ID B as a study guide and then gave us ID A as our actual final		0
9 more days until my birthday! 😁		0
If one more stupid bitch driver cuts me off or gets in my way im running them off the fucking road		0
People be hating, I just can't relate.		0
Never really been good enough.		0
What am I even gonna do with my life when I finish all the gossip girl seasons		0
The only thing I don't like about iTunes is that you can't set your own album artwork.		0
Anyone have a orange Wednesday code please ?		0
Eyebrows, Hair Cut, Gym. 😩		0
I'm a happy ass mothafuckah.		0
Everyone died of dysentery		0
Good ol got box with the parents 🍁		0
And finally gta is in the process of downloading		0
Had such a good day with everyone 💙💗💖		0
Advice to all: Never nap. You wake up and feel like turd.		0
I don't care what they think; we are meant to be.		0
Variations include the Synchronised Escalator Dismount, the Mixed Doubles, and the Paralympic Escalator Dismount (Lift).		0
"so make lots of noise, kiss lots of boys or girls if that's something you're into"		0
Is San Antonio Trending?		0
Comin oot 2nyt m8 fur a bev will b bouncin		0
my mom sent Bria and I to shop rite to get weird things like kale.... and I'm lost		0
"Funny how we say "matter of time" because, in the end...the time isn't what mattered. It's what you did with it."		0
Then twitter starts buzzing bout		0
I never thought I would be so happy to be back in my dorm.		0
limited my FB activities to 10 min per day. works like charm		0
No school today due to the snow ❄⛄		0
Africa - Nations Championship:: Group D 80' Burundi - 2 DR Congo 80' Mauritania 2 - 1		1
Gabon		0
Who is this guy...		0
I been on this too long		0
Only the good die young		0
Right person, wrong time. Right time, wrong person. New person, old lines, Old person, new lies.		0
spreading over two seats in the cinema, defo winning		0
Ryan Gosling plays really screwed up roles lmfao		0
Thanks to carl a nice fan who I met on swapz who is giving me his steam &amp; origin account with great games to video for you guys! :-)		0
Yankees are going to be for real this season!!		0
Who wants to drive me to White Castle get fat and run back to CT and get skinny?		0
I could never date a guy shorter than me lol		0
Why I can't be his mine? Why I can't be just like her? &lt;/3		0
Be real, be yourself, be unique, be true, be honest, be humble, be happy.		0
Just watched a documentary on It was pretty cool. Favourite fact I didn't know: Helvetica means 'Swiss' in Latin.		0
I walk tha hall more than that principals		0
So glad it actually feels some what like winter! 💙⛄️		0
Majority of the meetup attendees are already exposing		0
The type of chick that put a real nigga on his feet		0
1 class : 3 hours....		0
Getting missionary emails from her every Wednesday seriously makes my week 😊😍		0
BlackBerry still makes phones?		0
What class is this? Is it religion? Is it science? It is political science? I don't know somebody help me.		0
The creator of flappy bird aka satin		0
What'd the song called were it goes you only miss the sun once it starts to snow		0
Kraft spongebob Mac and cheese would be on point right now		0
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.		0
I was raised on some real shit so I can't sugar coat shit..		0
Sledding is for the birds		0
canceled plans, so i guess junk food and netflix is a pretty good alternative		0
When will Dave learn it is valentines day not valentimes day...		0
Honestly my boyfriend is my everything 😁❤️		0
My new found obsession of saying "thnx" LOL		0
The Yankees payroll is rediculous		0
Having a piss up with My girls :)		0
Live now, not past but this moment.		0
God promised men that good and obedient wives would be found in all corners of the earth. Then he made the earth round and laughed…		0
As a kid I was forced to eat my greens, now I voluntarily smoke them		0
New classes are coming up at the Trails Recreation Center. Reserve your spot now!		0
rinsed jeans are truly the best😍		0
I want to disappear lol		0
Why can't I just get a degree and my dream job without going through 8 more years of torture?!		0
The bigger your mission becomes, the greater inspiration you will be given.		0
Watched The Day After Tomorrow loads of times, love films like this!		0
Loool I think the university of Hertfordshire really want a law suit on their hands		0
So who is having a Superbowl party? Any bars, venues or businesses we should know about throwing it down?		0
"Mainstream media tries to cast this issue from a hero/villain perspective."		0
Is it too early to skip class?		0
So we learnt that Michael went skinny dipping,AB used the line ' it's not you, it's me ' and when Dan farts he blames it on cows😂❤️ -Rebekah		0
Lies destroy. Absolute lies kills.		0
Awake my soul to the hope you hold, your grace is all I need.		0
I hate this feeling		0
&amp; im taking 15 credits this semester :/		0
A high school experience needs to be more than a piece of paper or set of scores to get into the a college experience.		0
I GOT THAT BUBBLY 😛🍸🍻🍷🍹🍺💥😂😂😂		0
The ignorant few are the loudest.		0
You can only push a person so far before they give up on you		0
My family is extremely small.		0
Passed, barely, my driving theory test for the second time today owing to years of motoring indifference. Clear the roads.		0
My birthday is in like 3 weeks, so who's getting me the pink 5c?😏		0
How to make your partner stay?? Simple. : "DO NOT LIE"		0
I'm in such a bad mood.		0
awkwardly laying in bed as the repair man comes to fix our outlet... oh and the rooms a mess so that's cool too 😂😂😭		0
The end justifies the means - Machiavelli . whoever use that principle either The politicians here in this country ...,		0
Enterprise is going to have some long road trips.		0
Guess its cool for my twitter to randomly spam message all my followers		0
I realllly want panera bread		0
I'd like to see Sunderland AFC win tonight. MCFC v MUFC final too boring [As a Newcastle Utd fan, I can't believe I've just written that!]		0
Is it the jido convention on ford road or something wtf whys everyone driving 10 under		0
AP French sucks !		0
whats going on with the wanted		0
Condition 70 percent broken . Highhhh		0
Sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself		0
Warren buffet is offering a billion dollars if you get the march madness bracket completely right.		0
I gotta get out of this math class		0
Love alone is worth the fight 💕		0
*turns on music n starts running around the house* 😆		0
I thought this one would be better than the first but they equally suck.		0
Este weekend quiero un road-trip🌴☀️🍻		0
Those people in class who think they are smarter than everybody and the teacher... Go home. Just leave. Please.		0
I didn't finish my slice of pizza, that's how you know its an off day.		0
Make me your Aphrodite Make me your one and only🎶		0
Preach it dad ✊		0
Off to maccies with Kai, Chris and Anya then off to see Lewis😘		0
Pic slip for all the blue eyed lovers out there. Haha		0
Whenever I workout all I think about is food....		0
BKLYN 7-5 309 MARLBOROUGH RD, PRIVATE DWELLING FIRE IN THE WALLS,		0
unfollow me on twitter		0
Can this period end already I hate it		0
Had the worst voice break ever!! Tried to say beef but it sounded like a constipated mouse trying to shit out a bus!! 😂		0
things on my mind right now: 1. you 2. you 3. you 4. you 5. you 6. you 7. you 8. you 9. you and you		0
The best of you are those who, when you are seen, Allah is remembered.		0
"... forced and unnatural situations, morbid pathology of crime, dull copying of the dullest commonplace, melodramatic hurly-burly..."		0
I don't want a perfect relationship, I just want the time we spend together and the love that we share to be as close to heaven as possible.		0
The child is actually in the pram though, do you see the problem here?		0
Fucking hate it when parents are in a mood and they take it out on you. Fuckoffmandickhead		0
Take me to where you are		0
Drop it like its hot		0
I'm loyal to my pockets. Don't ever take it personal. It's always business		0
Will Le Pen be joining the PQ to further promote laicite?		0
babies coming from everywhere...I'm really starting to think there is a stork is dropping them off...		0
HE IS MY FAVORITE		0
Feelin hungry in the middle night is the worst		0
If I prayed to a goddess named Lucy, my priorities would be Luciferst		0
I can't wait to get off.		0
College snow day		0
Hahaha Ziggy Tuesdays is dead as fuck		0
Thank God a new episode comes on tonight		0
Dear my body, Get well soon yaa :*		0
ilove Once Upon a Time !!!		0
Some dickhead just tweeted 'Mata is just a poor man's Cazorla.' Someone please slap this guy?		0
Took the timbs off. Nigga felt like he had ankle weights on		0
Pretty sure I didn't brush my teeth this morning, just straight to eating pizza because you guys?		0
you can still touch my love, it's free .		0
If someone cracked my back or fed me right now...i would appreciate you and probably marry you		0
non stop text messages yeah you're definitely feeling it now		0
I'm really wondering if I should be listening mrs white		0
Never buy someone something with out giving them time to enjoy		0
Alex asked me to do something with her on Valentines Day even though she has a boyfriend..		0
Practice still on tonight at 422!		0
"Ya gots ta have some titties baby"		0
Just showed up for office hours 2 hours early and I thought the GSI was 2 hours late.		0
Lmfao he said crazy physco ctfu		0
Ready have a perfect Valentine's this yr		0
ACCIDENT in Mid City - 10 WB blocking the left lane at Western Ave.		0
All i want is my bed		0
little chocolate never killed anyone ;)		0
RIP Humanity Seriously ;( - Ziz		0
Between get-togethers and Chili Cook Off, this weekend will be a sleepless one.		0
Talking about gynecologists at lunch with Ian, Kelli, and Micheal....not sure how this started		0
God hates me seriously.		0
Chick said her father gave her money &amp; asked to borrow it the same day .. Crying.		0
it feels so good to be naked		0
I Hope My Shoes Come By Friday So I Can Wear Em Out Saturday		0
Chilling in trackies 👌		0
Need to be more efficient with my texting. A few of my friends must just think I ignore them...		0
who wants to sell me their Nintendo DS?!?!?!?!?????		0
16 bean soup &amp; ham in the crockpot :)		0
It's a little bit funny this feeling inside.		0
Geometry drives me crazy.		0
Beginning in Feb, we will be doing our FREE home pick ups by postal codes - not communities. This is an exciting change for us!		0
Life at the IT Desk: We have a request to create two new servers, Optimus and Megatron. Someone at the head office is a Transformers fan :)		0
Was at this event few days ago &amp; a guy brings this girl over 2 sing for me outa no where.It was all bad &amp; random..ppl were looking		0
Can we be more than friends already?		0
There's a time and season for everything, don't go chasing waterfalls. . .		0
So ready to live at the beach for two months again this year 😘❤️👍😊		0
if MJ could just shut up about shit that doesn't concern him that would be fab		0
I CAN'T STAND THAT BITCH!		0
What if a woman is raped and impregnated. If abortion is illegal, she will have to raise a child she can't care for.		0
She said I make her kaugh and im charming as fuck		0
Did I mention I didn't gain any weight? 🙏🙌👌👍		0
Thinking about minoring in film. Maybe do some directing or write some screenplays. That'd be dope!		0
Just bought some gorgeous shoes knew coming to bury was a bad idea		0
I've never been to Lego land. I just wanted you guys to think I was cool		0
Can't cope with Sophie screaming at her mam n brother hahahahaha bahhhh		0
"The ignorant few are usually the loudest"		0
You know its funny that people just cant stop talking about me, fuck off u hag		0
Kettlebell Kickboxing here I come!!!		0
Buying presents!!! Wonder who they are for...... 😉		0
Let me sit this ass on ya 😏		0
I just wanna talk and conversate..		0
So over it. Crawling into bed for the next two days and only coming out for the bathroom and food.		0
I'll be giving free designs today if you let me do what I want.		0
'cause every little song has little beats and notes		0
The church is an unstoppable force for good		0
"Ohhh, it's res life"		0
Someone have a MenuBar theme for my mac on 10.9.1 ?		0
It's never good too keep shit bundled up inside , it helps too talk to somebody about whatever it is you've been hiding		0
Thank God I got the heater in my car fixed.		0
What would I do without you?		0
Blueberry Strudel Muffins are one of the best things to ever exist.		0
Telling a girl she's beautiful can make her day a 100 times better.		0
People getting tattoos just makes me want one so bad.		0
I wish MORE people would have texted or called me to make sure I was okay. :(		0
OK People. What do you think about Appving WriteNcite, A Com Office Plugin?		0
The spiritual and life advice from Rev Run while he sits in a bubble bath.		0
Got all 5 uni offers whoop whoop!		0
Women are so difficult		0
"But today we will shine"		0
The workaholics college episode &gt;		0
Back when I was gasoline an this ol tattoo had brand new ink and we didn't care what your momma thought about your name in my arm!		0
Hopefully my dad does take us out to get boba today, ugh.		0
And a bubbly bath		0
it takes me longer to select a bathroom stall than a decent bottle of wine		0
I just saw my dad eating a sandwich with the first and last slice of Bread . do better pleaseeee 😫		0
Can't believe how stupid Chelsea are selling mata to united		0
My apartments wifi hates me 😭		0
So all I want to do is go home and go to sleep.		0
I think I was going to be okay, then I saw TW fans all upset on my TL and it's taken my right back to 24th April 2013		0
Ima be pissed if this mafucking yellow tape keep me from getting to the store		0
Friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn but it takes years to write.		0
Will you ever really notice that I've gone away???		0
The Yankees can spend all the money they want, but you cannot buy championships.		0
Everyone always complains I talk to much do when I dont. Dont complain.		0
Back to school 😭 honestly considered not even coming in today cause chances are my professors won't either		0
I love how just because they never heard of Salah they think that he's shit. That goes to show you know nothing about football.		0
Need zante to hurry up!!!		0
I cant even stand my mom anymore.		0
i'm outta here bye		0
Stuck at my nans starving and if I don't get home in time to see the ntas I will be so pissed off		0
Still mad that Bartlett disqualified our poster. We were gonna win 😒		0
He just walked in.. I was like 😍		0
Sorry professor but I don't know shit about whether gothic and roman arches are curious or if they're interesting In Spanish.		0
Pretend it is on the lesson plan (My bad).		0
Nikki- do you know how much sugar weed has in it? Me-wtf 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂		0
That awkward moment when you don't know how to reply to a really sweet text.		0
The biggest barker is typically the smallest dog - in the music business that is.		0
i really miss when the lotr movies first came out. best movies ever 😍 might have a marathon today/all night		0
Lays is knocked out		0
I can't feel my face... Numb😐		0
"It's kinda like the pregnancy pact, except not." 😂😂😂😂		0
That film looks class!		0
1 glass of wine slowly turning into more..		0
Little by little, inch by inch		0
For the last time "TAKE YO PANTIES OFFF!!"		0
It'll be a good story to tell?		0
Oh shit people know My government now lol		0
There's so many shootings going on that it'll be an everyday occurrence		0
You just never fucking get it?!		0
You can never understand someone's pain until you're the one who feel it.		0
Looking forward to Saturday!		0
Good luck Claudia on thevoiceisback		0
Sports is the acting out of childish games as if they have adult importance. Temperance Brennan in Bones		0
Never mix what you want with what is already reality		0
People who complain constantly.. 😑 like no. You're alive. BE HAPPY ☺️		0
As if I came to school and forgot a lunch 😑 fml		0
When did people start favoriting tweets on the regular		0
When that cold wind hits your teeth.... lawd!		0
I'm too small to reach the middle of my windshield... Someone tall please come help me		0
That Lee's hit the spot😋		0
hearing this girl talk about how her roommate didnt know she was prego and had it in the toilet friday. Cant make this shit up		0
"Treat your makeup like jewelry for the face. Play with colors, shapes, structure, it can transform you." - François Nars		0
So I'll watch tomorrow in same time as Time to eat something and to get back to grimm france update :)		0
looking at the pictures from your 18th you were barely at is heavy		0
Chunky : "I don't want to stay here with mommy I want to live with you"☹ aaaahhh that's how I know I raised my lil brother right!		0
"We have everything you need to start the semester." "Where can I find a good night's sleep?"		0
This shit is not gone work he dont pay attention		0
Online campaign raises funeral funds for hero 8-year-old New York boy who saved six		0
Never had to prove to NO ONE about where I stand!☝️		0
Always hustled to get it, never asked for shit.		0
forever waiting on chelsey		0
The greatest challenge in life is to discover who you are and the second greatest challenge is being happy, with what you have.		0
It's just a Blah kind of day.		0
Mumford and sons makes me so chilled		0
Thanks For Tonight Yamuna Crew ~		0
Hey at least I didn't fail my English midterm		0
When a girl retweets stuff that references "...only pretty girls..."		0
Maybe its because I come to school looking like I just crawled out of bed lol		0
I should never have hashtagged the word rainbow on instagram.		0
Don't get this math..someone help me!!		0
i USE to cry like every night		0
Everyone's interviewing and job hunting &amp; I'm just planning my next trip		0
15 AHSN's in England = Academic Health Science Networks. Decentralised - and all different. Empowering members to change thing.		0
My name is not "and" 😠		0
I still remember this feeling		0
The conversations in psychology right now.....		0
I could barely keep my eyes open in class. It's gone take a lot of getting used to.		0
just got to my dads and burst into tears because im so stressed about mock exams ahhh ;__;		0
Whoa ! Where did the party go ? Na na na na na na !		0
At three for $6 you can order from a few trucks and leave pretty pleased and stuffed.		0
Isn't it ironic that you're actually on facebook, in this course. while writing your lawyer bachelor demand ..		0
Remember when I was younger n it snowed , we use to stay playing football		0
It makes me sad I can't see The Summer Set in SF next month. They're one of the 3 shows not sold out.		0
Classy, good moral women are hard to come by anymore.		0
I've been so productive today!		0
This sore throat needs to go 😷		0
Ohh Emily why do you treat me so bad		0
I have forgotten to wear earrings TWO days in a row.		0
is anybody down to play an exibition game against my dad's Bantam A team? saturday at 9am		0
Going to watch a bunch of flips and listen to all their albums/singles and hug their dolls brb for like ten years		0
I just want this feeling to go away for good		0
Your kisses so soft and sweet It makes me crave a thousand More I wonder how your heart keeps a steady beat, Because mine just soars		0
The greatest pleasure in life is in doing what people say you cannot do. - Walther Bageholt		0
Let her go .		0
Suho does not know how to cook with the exception of instant ramen		0
Out Minimum of 3 Weeks After Undergoing Minor Wrist Surgery.		0
I feel better now that I got to potty 😌		0
What a joke dude.		0
Girls are confusing and complicated		0
i want a charleston chew...do they still make those?		0
Set my online banking up 2 minutes ago and it's been blocked because I've forgot passwords 😠😠😠		0
Things like that is precisely why I carry a gun		0
My teacher wrote an AS English book and wrote a dedication page so theres a school textbook around that says to mum and dad at the front		0
One finds limits by pushing them. – Herbert Simon		0
Can't wait just to jump straight into ma bed after training the night, shattered man 💤		0
Little kids in grade 5 actually do accounting. CAPS never loved them :(		0
I've been hearing moans from my flatmates room all night. Her back pains sure are getting bad.”		0
If you have Retro 11 Jordans, Foamposities or any shoe with Icy sole bottoms that need to be restored back to ICY BLUE, DM me 4 details $$$		0
please bitch don't jump stupid cause I'm sure to calm yo ass down .		0
you are the first you are also the last..:)		0
&amp; repayeth them that hate Him to their face, to destroy them:He will not be slack to him that hate Him, He will repay him to his face....		0
I love neon jungle		0
22 days into the year n 32 murders!!!		0
My hair right now &lt;&lt; 🐯		0
"Hi I'm Tate and I'm dead. Wanna hook up?"		0
You aint fuckin shit		0
3OH!3 will never get old 👌		0
Bulls are valued at $1 billion dollars. Looks like I know what I'm buying after winning Warren Buffett's March Madness bracket		0
Drawings of naked men have taken over my whole room, send help!!		0
Lordi won the Eurovision 8 years ago. Wow, I'm old		0
We just want to get our kicks for free		0
Did I just hear Eric Pickles has banned biscuits? Are pies allowed?		0
"On my friends phone I don't have a contact name its just a row of turds"		0
I have a really hard time studying during the day. Like I seriously need to wait until after 5pm to study.		0
heaven gained one of it's strongest, most amazing angles today. rest in peace Greg 💛		0
We are just screaming! Eeww this is far from a comedy!		0
if there's one thing i've learned about taking care of myself it's that i don't know how i manage to take care of myself		0
Don't know how I'm supposed to get any work done in this house!		0
I feel a little better		0
Mama told me everything happens for a reason 🙇		0
Next semester I shall not pick any Friday classes.... Or Monday classes		0
Mexican cornbread is somethin!		0
It's crazy how small the world really is		0
The things these girls ask me at work...		0
Bring on your Sunderland and arsenal....		0
Beer &amp; Wine is Now Available at 3 Bill Gray's Locations! Webster, Seabreeze &amp; Penfield! Coming Soon to Greece!		0
I was all his I wasnt trying to be a piece of meat offering myself to anybody that wanted me!		0
I walked to noodles and company and turned right around... too damn cold		0
You know I had to bag ha she a dime		0
While I vacationed in FL, I read "Predictable Success: Getting Your Organization on the Growth Track-And Keeping It There." Intriguing book.		0
The amount of joy I experienced at hearing "oh yeah. Nobody told you? Jeans on Fridays." was probably too much.		0
The number of homosexuals in this biology class is overwhelming		0
Open Follow For all RP retweet JFB		0
Wind, rain, fog--it's almost like a winter storm out there...for mild definitions of "storm."		0
Paper chase everyday💸🏃💨 I stay baked look at my face😴😤💯		0
"Thats FUBAR" Fucked up beyond all recognition 😂		0
Actually it is okay to tell others about how you are feeling rather than let it stay in your heart forever...		0
kurt warner and craig morton		0
LATE NIGHT N THA STUDIO THIS DRANK HAD ME BENT😩😩😩		0
I could watch Wynn Duffy randomly firing a BB gun for a half hour and never get sick of it.		0
Idk if I should go to cheer because I didn't go to school 😳		0
i'd do anything to be skinny besides eat healthy or work out		0
Talking to an old friend makes you realize how much your life has changed.		0
Whatever life gives you its your responsibility to adapt to those circumstances. Those who don't adapt will forever be left stagnant.		0
Nothing is impossible, unless you think it is!		0
Mrs Litton put me in the corner again..		0
There are 2 primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility for changing them.		0
Hate when these bummy security guards follow me round the shop and try pretend they're looking at the shelves :/		0
Can't believe this mata transfer actually might happen, if it goes through it'll be the first time i've ever doubted Mourinho's management		0
Those lips... that sweet smell!! Those eyes who makes me more addicted to you		0
Twerk It My Way...		0
Had to cut some niggas off they ain't know what OTF meant. 🐍		0
Just wanted to say sorry to John again for hitting him with my racket today! Not gonna lie, it was intentional but you did provoke me so...		0
Feelin' want to die oledi..somebody helllppp me! :P		0
Would it be frowned upon to ask these Air Force men if I could attend said house party?		0
its beatin fastly . inside my left chest :))		0
School, lift, work repeat		0
Chinese on order :)		0
frozen to death in computer science		0
One word texts are so annoying.		0
Isn’t it wonderful when your whole world fits inside of your arms?		0
I found reason to to care		0
I've given up hope. I've just lost the fire in me. I've lost.		0
We would like to welcome our new intern Jasmine Sholes from the LSU School of Social Work to the ranch for the Spring and Summer semester.		0
omggg that episode of new girl was so cuuuuuuuute! I want a nick miller please and thank you		0
Surprise Bitch , I bet you though you've seen the last of me		0
Everytime I'm full I just want to nap 😴		0
Some bad acting in hollyoaks here, what the fuck is Nikki Sanderson? Sort it out channel 4!		0
'heavy rain' is exactly what we need for hillwalking tomorrow👎		0
Hopefully...if I get a phone call &amp; the following words are "u off now where u at" yeeepppp that means no nap for me 😘		0
Not that I wanna find out but the gadgets that OU PD and OSU PD have are state of the art.		0
Wake me up when this 45 degree weather is all over.		0
Put it on my life ama take my mum out the struggle		0
Last thing I'll say on the Barney coup. Top effort by them and made for some great entertainment but glad it's once in a blue moon.		0
When You Ain't Got Friends You Supposed Have Family,I Don't Even Think We Have Dat!		0
Who wants to do some gaming tonight? Down for Prop Hunt, Ghosts, or Blops2		0
at this moment i need xanax and a shower.		0
Aw man, I'm staaaarving		0
all alone it was a fever		0
Almost cut off a chunk of my hair that could have been a catastrophe.. 😳		0
Ain't that some shit !		0
I want you to miss me like I'm missing you.		0
if you care, just don't say it.. show it.!		0
Marine bio &amp; precalc midterms are done🙌		0
I'm almost positive I know what it feels like to be on cocaine, it's called preworkout! 😳		0
Okay Alex, you don't have to respond to my HBD post...... It's okay......		0
Just want tomorrow over and done with		0
a real boyfriend always makes sure his girl has a smile on her face. 👌		0
my art history professor just described a woman in a photo (w/ proper british accent) as having "serpentine sensuality"		0
Nadine and Sav just asked me if Arkansas was a state...		0
I come home to find Chloe in my bed		0
Anyone down to play funrun?		0
Today has dragged so much		0
Why would u risk loosing everything kids family home some people dont think uno loool stupid arse I tell you I hold what I love so close💝		0
my motivation to do this essay is around 50ft under		0
I swear to god, if this bitch doesn't stop w her squeaky pencil...		0
Contemplating a marketing value chain...more to come		0
Studying or not studying I still got the same grade		0
Texting has taken over civilization 😲		0
One of my roommates is straight retarded... I just feel like whipping him with a belt. Ain't nun a good ass whipping can't fix...		0
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars		0
He knocked out 😂😂😂😂😂😂		0
Want a cinema date with a Pizza Hut and then popcorn and tango ice blast😞		0
Drastically killing time in my English class, since we have peer reviews. 😒		0
ah! so the OST of that drama that I like is hyorin's song? no wonder		0
Last night I had a dream that I met trey songz		0
Look back and thank God Look forward and trust God		0
eat sleep play repeat		0
I expect people to be there for me when ik they won't be		0
I have a problem I love mozzarella sticks way to much		0
So David Cameron reckons were all better off. He has to be joking right? Surely he didn't mean to say that?		0
NO LIT TOMORROW 🙌🙌🙌🙌		0
After everything we've been through, I can't imagine a life without you.		0
You look scruffy af .. looking a fuckin sheep with your wooly ass		0
forever waiting to go to a John Mayer concert		0
I just wanna snug		0
There's so many Birthdays coming up.		0
Fiyah dey a Mus-Mus tail him tink a cool breeze .		0
Putting off shoveling my car out for as long as I can today		0
I wish people would stop telling me they've got me presents, when really there just re delivering shit that I haven't seen for 6months		0
Ambition is priceless, it's something that's in your veins		0
Don't judge me. You can't handle half of what I've dealt with. There's a reason I do the things I do, there's a reason I am who I am.		0
No more games, shit bout to get so REAL!		0
Can hear beth clicking along to no regrets, what a pooper		0
God is a true best friend because he never leaves you.		0
I just don't know what to do with myseeeeelf.		0
Just want it to be summer		0
He can no longer achieve this through the barrel of a gun. The only route now open to him is through the democratic process.		0
Its not that the north east is boring is that the people here suck, i need some money to travel with a group of people and leave		0
There's no denying that KD is playing an amazing stretch of basketball right now, but saying this makes him better than LeBron is ignorant!		0
There will be a time that i will let you go.		0
Why won't my phone let me download any music 😭		0
back home again feelin good		0
Sat down to think about possible dissertation subjects for the deadline and all I can think about is Leo in Wolf of Wall Street		0
Dang ou got a shooting on campus		0
I just wanted you to know, I think about you every night. When I fall asleep, You are in my dreams.		0
Hate when somebody is always putting other people down		0
yes he may upset City and Arsenal this season and help Chelsea win the leaugue but he will cause more problems to chelsea next season		0
Getting closer with you made my heart melt.		0
A1: Poolside contests		0
At least If that person would be here it will be great		0
"Did you hear the wanted broke up" that would be nice if I cared oops		0
TYPE, 9/11 ON THE TRACK, ON SOUNDCLOUD AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS34		0
Dear heart, Thank you for being so strong, I promise I won't make the same mistake. Sincerely, Heartbroken girl.		0
"We don't think it's appropriate because Nelson Mandela never had a rabbit on his ear"		0
Wanna know who got man of the match today man because everyone played well .......		0
That fool said, ” God always on time so you know he not black.” Lolololololol		0
"There's a danger in basing too much of what we know about intellectual property on the Easy-Bake Oven." - my IP prof		0
Time to get $$ smart. xxoo...		0
BBC London news interviewing students on lack of diversity in media but none were from ethnic minority backgrounds.		0
It took me forever to get dress. I was moving like a snail aha		0
Just got the best news!! So pumped for summer now		0
I miss running outdoors.		0
You are loved. You are wonderfully made. You are beautiful. You have purpose. You are a masterpiece. God has a great plan for you."		0
Maroon 5 station: When You're Gone by Avril Lavigne Country Station: Crazy Girl by Eli Young Band Avenged Sevenfold: Dear God ...		0
Does everything happen by mere chance or is it destiny ?		0
I know a lot but their something's I don't know		0
Can't mess with you cause you basic		0
Cabinet making isnt like fucking you got to go easy		0
"Don't wanna let you down But I am hell bound Though this is all for you Don't wanna hide the truth"		0
So I probably got the best news!?!?!		0
Mata/Vidal both linked with United?? Keep dreaming Mancs! Your best bet would be to try and tempt Paula Scholes out of retirement. Again.		0
So so tired now I feel feverish 😔		0
Can life just pause so I can warm up in my bed for a few hours?		0
Fun time sledding with the gang 🏂		0
fudge work again :/		0
I distance myself from people for a reason 😒👌.		0
IDK what any of this means!		0
If Mandla was in this meeting , Was going to fight with mbiyakhe		0
She ignores all the other guys who want her, because she's too busy noticing the one she wants.		0
Well You only need the light when its burning low		0
Does anyone actually buy kidz bop		0
Thank god for this study hall 🙌🙌		0
I wonder do people really think humans evolved from apes lol		0
Each and every one of us is born with a miracle inside of us		0
Simpsons Road Rage, absolute jewel in the crown for PS2		0
Why give her your heart when she rather have a purse		0
Yall niggas turks boy		0
"we're always really jealous of your outfits and hair" THAT WAS SO CUTE I FEEL GOOD ABOUT MYSELF THANK		0
I knew there was a reason I didn't feel like going to parkside today 😒		0
Homework and housework done. . Now on to studying		0
Our IEG Manager is back on the radio airwaves tonight between 6 to 8 p.m. on 94.7 FM to talk about internationally educated applicants.		0
In a relationship : Everyone likes you. Single : No one likes you. Does this happen to anyone else?		0
standing up for myself✌️		0
Mere bas mein ho to lehro ko itna haq bhi na doon "FARAZ" likhon kinaron pe naam tera usay chhone tak na don. good night		0
I want to drink. And get all dressed up.		0
I blow that body kisses, so delicious		0
Learn the rules before you break them &amp; you'll be in touch with your intuition &amp; grounded in the good stuff.		0
Now I lay me down 2 sleep.I don't want to hear a single peep.If you wake me before I'm rested,a coroner will definitely need to be requested		0
This isn't just an astronomy class. This class is preparing us for real LIFE.		0
aye i had to add an extra T but nerdy titles ftw		0
Today is a 90's music day		0
I feel bad for my dude..his girl broke up with him to go "experience". His little snow flake is going to get plowed fo free smh		0
You've changed enough that I don't even know who you are anymore		0
We are a family, a big and a beautiful family!		0
Back to work! Comparative Theology!		0
"To lead by definition is to plan ahead. Ladies and gentlemen, it is now time to lead." - planner Mitch Silver		0
Love when my grandma sends fresh oranges from Florida 😋🍊		0
sherman talks a lot 		0
AT WORK GETTING THIS MONEY ..		0
Mata to united dont blaim him		0
I'm difficult, I'm weird, and I get jealous easily, but I'll love you like there's no tomorrow.		0
Stop worrying about what can go wrong, and get excited about what can go right.		0
All I'm looking forward to is moving out		0
if she responds to your one word text messages, you are pretty damn special.		0
You make me so angry😡		0
Not drug related or gang related he says of Strasser Hird case		0
***Trivia*** Who is the only person with five stars, one for each category, on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?		0
Getting love advice from the acupuncture guy in class		0
There's no other way There's no other way All that you can do Is watch them play ♪		0
I'm trying to make sure I'm good every day &amp; not just for the moment.		0
I need a friends closet to go through on friday		0
BBA16- Work Smarter – Save Time – Get Familiar with Professional Information Resources in your Business Library! Research Unveiled –...		0
Got my stuff next saturday.. Ill look like the golfer 'jon daly' wee my breeks!		0
Lower your expectations of people, and you will lower your disappointments.		0
So tempted to just dye all of my hair lilac again		0
Kurt Warner and Craig Morton!		0
People be ona phone in public like u cant hear they whole conversation.		0
what the fuck am i gonna get when i go to subway now dammit		0
If Dyl actually brings a pizza to band practice, I will shower him with hug xo		0
Trainer just broke my shoulder 😶😶		0
I can't believe my sub just fell out of her chair		0
well this kale isnt gonna plant itself		0
Tonight is all about getting weird because is back on		0
No play play me and my niggas tout dem glocks		0
Gotta love it the day I decide not to shave our area manager is in the store :( I'm getting bitched at today		0
I can't wait to get home and get in my bed!		0
Planning some summer trips this evening. Exciting!		0
I'm not caught up on daredevil and this upsets me		0
I wish I had the power to ignore you, like you ignore me.		0
Need a haircut ASAP !!! 😁😁😁😁😁		0
I want some chicken tenders. 😍😍🍗		0
Laying next to him just thinking how much I miss this &amp; how much more ima miss it when he's gone again ...		0
You know when you've just had your haircut and your head looks huge? Yep		0
Frustrating that even if a company's using trademarks honorably they seem to legally need to lead amicable agreements with takedown requests		0
Just to inform you guys... that was sarcasm. Beautiful sarcasm.		0
like a cannonball ♪		0
Strong feeling we won't even have a delay tomorrow😔		0
Think ima invest in a lil 22 🔫 ☺️ ; &amp; pop any bitch that wann pop fly cus I can 👌		0
Real boyfriend = calls you for NOTHING, texts you all the time, wants to see you, gets jealous, over protective &amp; LOVES YOU.		0
I hate the idea of anyone else having you.		0
oh snap. I turned on TV and "The Secret of My Success" is on.. just starting. Michael J Fox at the top of his game.		0
The art building is always the best building		0
BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT… I like big buts. I didn't lie.		0
nothing's special :( but still be grateful, thank's God :)		0
I wonder what I mean to you.		0
I respect those that tell the truth, no matter how hard it is.		0
I can't stand talking to you already		0
My new insta page &gt; my old Insta page		0
Competing in my first triple jump of the season tomorrow at the open. Usually a great atmosphere should be a good comp!		0
DEP says U.S. Chemical Safety Board investigating long-term. Could take months		0
When you say that you love em, but you really don't.		0
I can't wait for Jerry's bday either Ima make sure I'm IN THERE since niggas are so amptd about bitches bussin it open for niggas 😂😂		0
Got an unbelievable amount of work due tomorrow😭		0
I guess Mata is really gone *TearInMyEye*		0
Can't believe we got locked out in the snow in bikinis		0
Workaholics tonight! 😍		0
Nobody texts faster than a pissed off female.		0
I really need to find some kind of release		0
hey plz follow me, I'm a real person, for real		0
I don't understand how people dress up for school everyday. It's only the second day and I've already given up.		0
SpongeBob expressions covey my expressions so well.		0
2 days of work this week then the weekend!!!!		0
Listening to two beautiful women speak Elvish on the train. I'm smitten.		0
Feelin' like a fool for tryin'💕		0
Movin' like bernie 🚶		0
That feeling when you know you're being replaced&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; 😭😭		0
i like fire works		0
After that, some teenage girls herded her back across the street with a stick.		0
"can i play with your hair?” is basically a marriage proposal GOD YES! YES YOU CAN PLAY WITH MY HAIR 🙌💆		0
I still remember our first kiss'		0
Happy Wednesday! I'm still fighting the flu -- just got to my email today, so I'm a little behind. Will catch up in the next few days!		0
"I think its a mockery when ever rich niggas win the lottery."		0
Craving Mexican and Teriyaki and Sushi and also a RedBull. So I guess I'm hungry.		0
Hate when the shower goes cold😶		0
Motivate me. Don't stress me 💯		0
Because of you I am afraid..		0
The mexican gods answered my prayers when they made you papi		0
I love my quality time with Jillian every day 😞		0
follow me, i follow back!!		0
Throwing up some weird white stuff :(		0
A lot of people have stories about hearing The Ramones and realized they could play music. Vivian Girls was that band for me.		0
You A Goon ? Well ima Goon Too 💂		0
Reading comments on Viral Nova's posts makes me wonder how some people manage to survive adulthood.		0
My boyfriend is the best 👌💖		0
Making someone smile is probably one of the best feeling.		0
I'm so bored 😒		0
If Sunderland beat united tonight I will be soooo happy		0
That food was everything 🙌		0
Deja vus are actually scary😱		0
Pretty happy with the weight loss so far this year always good for first two months then its 🎂🎂🎂🎂Need to address this issue		0
Don't try to be anyone else, cuz in what they might lack you own..		0
A sin I didn't care for. But a sin that paid my debts...		0
Payday next week ✌️💰		0
When you can't have what you want, it's time to start wanting what you have.		0
good tattoo artists in swindon/near swindon that can do intricate and delicate tattoos?!		0
I hate doing laundry at college because the laundry room is 4 floors down from me 😩		0
I want a day / night with my bitches so we can just drink, laugh and have mad fun 😘👌		0
Where My Nigga 2:00 At Tho ? 🏫🕑		0
Love knowing I've been ignored😂👌		0
my throat is killing me and i have rehearsal later but i have so much tto say		0
My cat completely ignores me but when random people come selling stuff at my door she's like meow meow bitch pet me I'm cute		0
and everything I looooved I began to hate		0
U cnt go against the truth		0
When I met you I said my name was Rich, you look like a girl from Abercrombie and Fitch		0
Guys furrowing their brow and doing an Aristotelian chin scratch at the meal deal section of Tesco.		0
Nothing would ever be the same if you did not exist.		0
Bro, that nigga on Vine with the attitude problem &gt;&gt;&gt; .. LMFAO !!		0
I just question it a lot		0
Lol your extra sketchy today		0
if you're alone in your room, whats that boy doing?		0
Thats the last time I drink vanilla vodka		0
Accidentally swallowed my gum; tragic event of the day		0
can I drop this class? history professor is older than the stuff he's teaching...		0
You'll get bored of me, annoyed of me, hate me, stop talking to me. You'll leave me eventually, just like everyone else.		0
Kiss slowly, play hard, forgive quickly, take chances, give everything and have no regrets. Life's too short to be anything…but happy.		0
But on a good note I did manage to piss off loads of car drivers while carting bales of silage today ! Some of them can be so rude ! Hahaha		0
Sneakin &amp; geekin she fuck wit dat molly		0
I here's nothing like us,there's nothing like you and me"		0
anyone fancy a kinda zombie-ish tattoo?! loads of bright greens n stuff!! like a female face but zombied the fuck up! 😂		0
Come visit sharre at work today or nahhh		0
Once Folk Find Out Who You Talkin To, Everybody Gotta Story To Tell , Smh		0
I just went ham in the kitchen thinking I could cook 😂😂😂		0
Fuck texting, I want you here		0
That devastating moment when you realise you've forgotten your book for the train journey home.		0
B your own person because no one can take that away from U. No one is every going 2 B U. ~Austin Carlile --- Submit by Raven Q., Age 14 - AL		0
Would happily see Dimitri Vegas and Like Mike any day of the week		0
Aayyy cant wait for tmrw*-*		0
I just ate a whole box of Girl Scout cookies... I gotta do better smh...		0
ITS SO FUCKING COLD		0
I would give anything to be home in bed right now. It's far too cold to be functional today.		0
Guys covered in tattoos get my legs shaking😏		0
Your twitter makes me mad everytime I get on it. I'm done		0
sometimes I think of how cool it would be to be able to see paranormal shit.		0
Taking another approach before things get too serious.		0
This subject is giving me stress of some sort ehh		0
Warren Buffet's perfect NCAA bracket is cool but you have a better chance of winning the Power Ball 3 times or getting hit by a meteor		0
If when facing your front door you take out your car keys and press the unlock button today is not your day		0
Watching... Vampires Suck :3		0
PORNHUB SHIP LARRY OMG HAHAHA		0
Mosiah 2:17 "When ye are in the service of your fellow beings, ye are only in the service of your God."		0
Desperately need a bubble bath, feeling moody and stressy for no reason		0
This is the worst news EVER 😭💔		0
Just because we haven't been talking, that doesn't mean I haven't been thinking about you all the time.		0
Are we gonna even make it ?		0
the place to be tonite!!! Hosted by free til 11pm….10811 Homestead		0
And I wonder if you ever think of me		0
Is no an emotion cuz I'm feelin it rn.		0
Bend ova let me see it		0
Fuck nutrion books are sold out		0
Easter eggs in shops! I ain't even finished my selection box yet ffs!		0
Light skin girls gods gift to earth 😍💎❤		0
I wanna go away		0
*In Maloy's class doing work and looks over at Levitt's class* *sees funny PowerPoint* *Cries to myself* This SUCKS		0
Midterm got moved because of the Super Bowl!		0
a little boy kept singing "5-1 5-1 we're the big team 5-1!!!" so I tripped him up		0
You're gonna miss me when im gone...		0
this guy with ocd left his door unlocked and lights on bc heWANTS HIS GF TO COME BACK		0
My roommates never know where I am and it's usually just my bed..		0
Pe think I'm not making enough progress when I've exceeded my target grade by two levels✊		0
WHAT NO MOM WHO SAID ANYTHING ABOUT BEING SICK OH MY GOD I CANT BREATHE HAIDKSNSJAODJHFKSNSBJDLSN		0
When someone less than a year older than you thinks they are so much better than anyone and can talk down and talk shit to you		0
Welp i think im over this day already.. I jus wana go back to sleep		0
im jus waking up ,		0
Please Don't ignore me Again..		0
too muchh reading in college 🙅		0
question: if i were to listen to educational podcasts 24/7 (as in all day and while i sleep), how much of that knowledge would i retain?		0
Bitch wasnt no Patti Mayonaise. Now that's a real woman!		0
GOT 32/35 on my vocab test without studying!!!!!!! :))):):)):):): WOOOO		0
I drop my thots that hit me up , youu drop your niggas that hit youu up ! ✋		0
Slept for 12 hours straight.		0
I got my mom into saying 'or na' what have I done...		0
If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you need to constantly fight for their attention.		0
hahahahaha at our friendship wow what a fucking joke		0
I love Dr. K far too much. I'm so glad I did research with her Junior year. These 2 classes with her are going to be perfect.		0
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever.		0
MUSIC MAKES ME HAPPY		0
Big signing for United. Unbelievable player.		0
The moment you realise you have 24 hours more than you thought before the coursework deadline!		0
Forgot to tell all my peeps. I got a new number couple weeks ago. If you want it DM me, if you don't, don't DM me		0
like i cant stop taking dick		0
2014 has so far sucked. Can 2015 be here already ?		0
In tech support ticket queue: "I unplugged my modom and now my Internet wont connect."		0
man why niggas gotta shit in the urinal		0
lost my jacket. 😢		0
Sooo we're 7a now		0
My problem is I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people, even when they don't deserve it.;		0
Ima keep my distance away from her. I'm scared now.		0
Gets 90 on a mid term Grade +2 Bombs mid term Grade -30		0
8 years ago today kobe dropped 81 on the raptors. Doesn't feel like that long ago		0
Heartbroken that Emmerdale isn't on tonight 💔		0
Special Rate this weekend on our mascots for day hires Pm us now :-)		0
What the hell - Avril Lavigne		0
All I'm looking forward to for tn is workaholics		0
This is exactly why we can't be cool lol		0
uh oh pussy ass music playing in international clothing right now!		0
Jokes afternoon at work give as good as u get I return and flip that! 😂😜		0
Ain't this what you want? ... glad you know what you need.		0
"if you need me, i'll be in my room painting...HOMO THINGS." HAHAHAHAHA		0
Accidentally pulled one of the wires of my ECG off so the pulse reading flatlined, just got a call from the doctors asking if I'd died😂		0
I was there through thick &amp; thin. better &amp; worse...		0
Some cheering up would be nice right now..		0
My sister thought that "every cloud has a sliver lining" came from Stuart little :3		0
ohmygod what even is the point in maths with this new student teacher		0
Lemme save you from yourself :)		0
I hear so many Christians, murmuring about their imperfections, And their failures, and their addiction, and their shortcomings...		0
Both my parents try to call me when I'm at school		0
Beach House kinda day		0
Love is like the sun coming out of the clouds and warming your soul.		0
kids carry tools like go-go gadget		0
Glory Glory Manchester United .		0
Goulash (Hungarian stew) is the soup of the day! It's lactose &amp; gluten-free. Cheers!		0
I never stopped thinking about you even though you stopped thinking about me.		0
what is freedom to express one's self these days?		0
All services have been canceled for tonight. Please stay safe and warm. We will update you on the status of Upward practices tomorrow.		0
That awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence.		0
So glad I'm done with midterms		0
My life has turned into hearing Chinese people have brutal arguments, swerve		0
Well this is bull crap		0
propaganda is garbage. just like Nazi Germany's propaganda was garbage. Zionism is garbage.		0
Lmfao a kid just ate it off a skateboard and I'm loving it		0
Ion know bout y'all but I goes to sleep at night		0
Never thought it would end like this		0
Life insurance is entirely too hard to sell..		0
And watching, for pigs on the wing		0
All I'm going to do now is jump shot		0
and my weekend finally begins🌴💞		0
My ideal boyfriend would be a hot nerd that doesn't know he's hot so he doesn't hit on sluts lol		0
Burly dude in cowboy hat carrying lady's red hat box. Only at LAX.		0
This Rickey smiley standup is too funny !		0
your the only one I notice		0
Glad to know you left haha 👋👏		0
Being faithful isn't hard if you really care about them.		0
i can go look for some more places		0
About to teach my 2nd Ballet Class to my good scientist friend! Good look to Me and Him ;-) !!		0
Ooooo bit aggressive lmao 😂		0
i made jonathan give me a jolly rancher 💁😏.		0
and then something comes up that reminds you you don’t really belong. And you’re thankful		0
All year round i call it jugggseason		0
Thank you to that one high school teacher who never gave up on me. Ms. Pridgeon		0
Some of my best friends are middle aged white males.		0
I really need to order some hair infinity vitamins		0
"131 proof, straight up, bud. I'm fucking wasted" -Jim Lahey		0
words without actions is bullshit		0
kind wish I would've done my homework yesterday so I wouldn't have to worry about it today		0
That awkward moment when you forget how to spell a very easy word.		0
On my way to somewhere I call home		0
to assistindo the o.c, depois akward		0
What should I have for lunch though?		0
My mom got me going places with her.		0
Keep University of Oklahoma in your prayers! There's been a shooting.		0
Well if Balague says it's on, then it must be. No history there.		0
All i do in school is walk around n judge people		0
"I can appreciate the love going on right now" I love my big 😍		0
TYPE, 9/11 ON THE TRACK, ON SOUNDCLOUD AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS5g		0
And it's gon snow again this weekend 😩🔫		0
Stop going back to the same person. The relationship keeps falling apart for a reason.		0
My first thought in the morning is always you.		0
Fck yeah free popcorn ♧____♧		0
Looking for tattoos, found a girl who got the same tattoo i want for the same reason. This made me very happy and i felt not-so-alone.		0
U a 10 but yo nigga a hobbit 😂😂		0
Y'all think we gonna have school tomorrow😩?		0
Keep it a stack 💰		0
Having Tim Gunn be on the makeover episode of The Biggest Loser was so smart. He seems like one of the most genuine people.		0
Today is just not my day 😒		0
People ask why i read love stories so much, maybe it's because i know i'll never get one of my own.		0
I spend too much time on the NHS website...		0
Training attendance this year.. 0% better go tonight		0
gets home on half day *feasts*		0
Anyone know what time coops open till?		0
Tanaka is gunna get rocked in the U.S.		0
I'm a completely different person once you get to know me lol		0
I prey my phone never stops ringing with work on the other side! 💯 dedicated nothings taking me out my zone TRIBELYFE!		0
Actions always speak louder than words, remember that		0
So thankful for and touched by people who love and give of their resources and time to people in need.		0
Looking forward to summer		0
One thing you can't recycle is wasted time, so live in the moment. Carpe Diem		0
I recently installed spotify on it SPOTI-FUCKING-Y		0
You deserve a swift punch in the fucking face		0
Blow me one last kiss..		0
It's nice gettin paid to sit on my phone an all but after awhile it gets old		0
Sunsets and silhouette dreams &lt;3		0
I can't believe I'm moving 😌		0
Don't play with my heart for entertainment. Play with yourself.		0
Who wants to get food ?		0
netflix and onesies and face masks and doritos = a snow day well spent		0
I love you. And not, not in a friendly way, although I think were great friends.		0
You can call me anything you want, but you can't call me lazy. I work HARD 💯		0
Guy in my advertising class might just have the most pessimistic view on everything I the world! At least try to see the bright side!		0
"Nigger" is a good and Holy word		0
Thanks to John Boehner and the Republican cowards in Congress, Obama knows that he can get away with absolutely anything!		0
Took a minute but beat that junk like a dirty rug		0
Simply so stupid, shit.		0
Can't take this man		0
CAN'T WAIT FOR MY MAD FAT DIARY OH MY GOSH		0
His heart? I hold that. His back? I got that. His girl? I am that. “Her” role? I play that. We’re happy, they hate that.		0
Finally reached a point where I can't take it anymore. I'm deleting Candy Crush.		0
JUSTIN KELLER IS A BADDIE		0
feeling like a little kid playing in the snow at dutch neck 😌😂		0
I hope they find my car soon 😔		0
birdy is a gift from heaven		0
I'm honestly not used to this at all, but I am completely okay with it!👌		0
People in this house dont like to admit defeat..knowing they are clearly wrong but too much of a nob to say so!		0
But you can't change things that happened.		0
I want my nose pierced so bad		0
No fun for me this weekend, all workk workk 😪		0
run home and lock your doors		0
I can't take picture with out a hair cut just doesn't work like that		0
I wish I could go find my orthodontist from when I was 12 and punch him in the face. My teeth aren't even straight.		0
Her kids hate me they know I fuck they mommaaaa		0
First sub 6:00 mile since high school		0
Don't rush, if it's meant to be it will happen.		0
ITS WEDNESDAY I HAD COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN ABOUT PRETTY LITTLE LIARS		0
How was your		0
A nice hot bubble bath sounds good right about now 🛀		0
I can't even figure out what to do next.		0
Me and Darold are wearing the same color shirt		0
Tiesto- red lights tuneee		0
That moment when you know you've made the right decision...all good things are worth the wait.		0
(R): Championship League, Round Robin, Shaun Murphy 3 (5) 1 Matthew Stevens		0
Even though I now see what a jerk you turned out to be, I still find myself picturing the good part about you.		0
I'm lookin for share letters with someone in english... anyone?  RT pls.		0
now he's claiming he used to be a fashion/catwalk model... yeh ok then m8 😂😂😂😭😭😭		0
NVC homies! if you're are interested in taking FilipinoAmericanHeritage/Humanities 160, there's hella room if you wanna add. its at 930-1045		0
FTC Settles Actions Against Twelve Companies for Improperly Representing Safe Harbor Certification		0
I should really learn to wear shoes... I have ruined so many socks on dirty floors.		0
about to eat fruity pebbles dough.		0
Masters commercials in January are torture		0
Asos is my weakness		0
Weather is beautiful. I can sit out here forever.		0
Still have 4-5 more hours of lectures/labs left today..... 😃🔫		0
And I been waiting for this time to come around but baby running after you is like chasing the clouds.		0
Can't believe I was so blind these past couple years.		0
Goodnight and Sayonara suckaaaazzz		0
"To her you're just a heartache in a pearl-snap shirt" 🎶		0
From weather and climate to landforms and processing.....		0
Tall Niggas Is A Big Ass Turn On ! I Have A Weakness For Em		0
what kind of a shot was that		0
would u like to play my game? its called "slice a throat" and we both go first :)		0
Spring cleaning maniac today! I've vacuumed every possible surface. Even the sink...		0
I just got a ring made out of a tooth. judge me 👊		0
In a real goofy mood 😋		0
Kara you row crew		0
You can't spell :p		0
My sappy tweets last night are kind of unsettling. That's why I don't tweet at 1am.		0
I wanna be jasmine from Aladdin thanks		0
What a signing if Moyes pull this off!		0
liked the idea of skiing but would prob be too scared! 🏂🎿		0
Guillem Balague has confirmed that Mata will be joining Manchester United for 45m euros! Incredible move if that is confirmed by		0
Honestly, if my mom wasn't home these past two days to give me someone to talk to I would have mentally went insane.		0
So far Mark Denton is living up to the hashtag...		0
At some point, you have to forget those people that have forgotten you		0
Going to see my nigga Sunday and put something on his books		0
the heart starts beating at 18 days.		0
Atlantic WR Adly Enoicy has committed to per ATL head coach TJ Jackson.		0
i need ice cream		0
My sister knows what's up		0
the other day somebody called me a pimp lol. . . i cant be a pimp with no hoes		0
Sorry but in the real world in this family we don't do Abortions plus I will be telling mom tnyt abt wat hppned to you and dnt run away		0
Let's hope this second interview goes as well as the first one did.		0
Y'all don't understand how over High School I am.		0
I have never felt more lost in a class than I do in trig right now.		0
Great for but um.... Selling him to seems like such a dull idea. Why.... Just.... Why?		0
Whenever I get sick, I always imagine Osmosis Jones fighting whatever germ is in my system 👊		0
My heart and my head are never on the same page. 😒		0
To the girl at shell who I closed your gas tank for you. You're so beautiful. My names Alex Pedraza		0
If I straight up ignore you every time you try to talk me then clearly I don't want to talk to you		0
This girl keeps staring at me and trying to talk to me it's awkward lol		0
yep you know you go to U of I when you can smell KAMs as you're walking to class 👌		0
The Big Bang Theory is so not funny!! Or maybe I don't get their jokes		0
i need a sick ass party		0
Let the sledding begin...		0
Unfortunately, I can't make you love me, the way I love you.		0
All these tattoos in my skin they turn you on 🎶		0
Somebody should definetly sell me a Showtek ticket		0
Keeping the streak of bad decisions alive and winging my first quiz of biochem		0
£650 along with my card the business card my lisance and a 1,000 check yeah so I'm pretty much dead fucking lost my wallet.		0
The couples that are meant to be, are the ones who go through everything that is meant to tear them apart, and come out even stronger.		0
Summer needs to hurry up		0
The girl on the right of me is snap chatting ugly faces.... The girl on the left of me is in full camo. I really don't know how to act.		0
someone come build a snowman with me		0
Ive just quit smoking.		0
if you can take it from my pocket you can have it		0
They searched for blue their whole life through, then passed right by-- and never knew.		0
As we grow older, we start to realize what we need &amp; what to leave behind.		0
Feels so good to tan😍		0
Ohmygosh can you leave?		0
Damn can it be 6 already??? I'm ready to go home and get in my comfortable king size bed		0
I'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dicks		0
I'm so bored at work :(		0
saying 'No' hurts me more than it hurts you.... but sometimes it's necessary		0
True bosses handle business first		0
Why I'm starring at you?		0
This blurb for the app said: 'This unfortunate girl has so much extra weight that no diet can help her. In our clinic she can go through a..		0
I guess i'll just take it		0
Why am I still hungry???		0
I need to go to the gym but I'm choosing homework instead right now cause it can be done in my nice warm bed		0
My day has been made		0
She's a star if I ever seen one 💫🎶		0
Pure fucken uglies in this English class		0
Juan Mata is a fantastic player no doubt, but I wouldnt ring a decorator to fix a leak. Still how could you not buy and fit him in somehow ?		0
Actually starting to make me feel sick, it's alright when I do that but when others do it then it becomes cringey		0
First day of school and I already missed a class 👊		0
In most student households 'using up the leftovers' probably doesn't mean having kale and sweet potato for dinner.		0
I'm bored someone message me or snap me?:') Kole97		0
that amazing moment when your friend sends you a HD version of catching fire &lt;3		0
Men are interesting. .		0
2nd lunch today 😩		0
Be my lover, my lady river		0
Sucks when youre having a rough day and its only 2		0
I tend to only eat the skin off the chicken.... Protein or nah?😕		0
I love hearing a song so good that you just keep replaying it and it doesn't get old		0
Why the fuck is my mum still not talking to me? She's now only cooked her self dinner and left me.		0
You are so cute. I can't even stand it anymore.		0
That's muncie for ya		0
10 new Molotov Jukebox songs though!!!!		0
Movie night. Anchor man 2 😎		0
I dont care if mata signs for manure utd as long as his talents are in th		0
FROM TEN TO TEEEEEEEEEEN!!!!! THEN 10 AGAAAAINNNN!!!! NIGHTMARES O' LOSIN ER'THING BOOST MY ADRENELIIIIIIINE!!!!!		0
bitch don't kill my vibe jay remix gets me every time. 🙌		0
So far this week has delivered an awesome season finale and reintroduced badass Dean. Pretty good week so far.		0
Sitting and waiting for class to start really makes me just want to leave.		0
I'll buy someone beer if they help me shovel my driveway		0
Let me call my hunny back		0
Getting tired of this shit and I'm gonna get blamed for him picking all this shit up like fer real		0
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.		0
Cinema tonight 👌come at me wolf of Wall Street		0
I was getting my mom to make double chins of her face in the car earlier because I was so bored and the car next to us caught us hahahah		0
Long car rides get so boring		0
standard college life in ireland just appears to be clubbing. count me out		0
I'm so thankful for every memory I shared with you!		0
I got that drank in my cup ^ 🙊 🌹👌 love rapping this		0
That explains so much		0
Its starting to flurry. Quick, everyone start driving 20 mph on the highway and start braking erratically!		0
someone should buy my feelings I don't want them anymore		0
If I had abs and was tiny as hell, I would not be going on a diet... I'd walk around naked! These girls are crazy! 😳		0
Fuck chemistry 😡😡 w/a hard dick		0
S&amp;amp;P futures slip a bit as revenues at Coach were weaker than expected, IBM's revenue declined while Texas Instruments forecasted weaker		0
The road to Deans list		0
Niggas own us money foh I aint playin games ill hit your house up		0
This nigga is dressed head to tie in cowboy attire, up in here lookin like Woody from Toy Story		0
Sometimes you can achieve things you never thought you could achieve if you bide your time and have the support of the people you love 😘		0
Transfer windows frustrating? Stop going on Twitter and reading newspapers! Problem solved		0
Mata needs to come man u !!!		0
The clients attitudes right now at work		0
Walked into like 3 wrong rooms		0
kkkk ngm entende nada vraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaL		0
"I thought that I was pregnant once......" -Tony Stapleton		0
Flashy but im humble u dont like me then its Fuck you.		0
Time To Start Writing Again		0
I Need Bands For		0
Side chicks are being portrayed on tv as strong successful women these days... You even forget they aren't the main dish		0
My heart omg hank.		0
No more brothers or sisters for me😊😁		0
Mourinho selling mata could be genius!, taking points off teams around chelsea plus £45 in the bank.		0
Mata is an idiot. Why would he go Man United?		0
It's 2013 and Starbucks doesn't deliver, why?		0
Having a 4.30am-10.30am on Wednesday. Is there any point in getting up?		0
... Should i be worried?		0
Before enlightenment, chop wood, pour water. After enlightenment, HA HA SCREW YOU GUYS. NOW I CAN CAST LIGHTNING BOLT.		0
Honestly loved my theatre class ☺️		0
Oh my.. What was I thinking 😳🙈😂		0
wednesday are the worst bc extra time in latin 2 😑		0
Two timed essays tomorrow yeah I'm feeling that :)		0
Cuddling in bed and falling asleep is probably the best feeling in a relationship.		0
Why did I eat that...		0
The 507 total yards on Sunday were the 2nd most in franchise postseason history!		0
A girl is like a book: don't judge her by her cover, but read her carefully, page by page, and you'll discover her whole story.		0
It's amazing how much you can get done when you don't stay in bed watching movies all day lol		0
There is war stricken country whose prime minister is on "Round the world in 80 days" trip!!! Guess the name!!!! Hint: [He loves Nihari]		0
✌️ - girl u so creepy staring at my drawings 😂😂 jk you're super sweet and made me feel welcome in English class 😊		0
watching my stepmother try to use her iPhone is kind of entertaining		0
We're here, We're open.		0
Now I'm on the road, half a million for a show and we		0
Is anyone else really hungry		0
I have the weirdest obsession with mr Morton		0
Glad to hear that victor's body has arrived. We all miss you, buddy. Hopefully I get to see you tomorrow or Friday. 🙏		0
HEY EVERYBODY! I'm a useless drug addict because I smoke marijuana because I HAVE NO FUCKING CARTILAGE IN MY JOINTS YOU FAGGOT		0
It's crazy to look at what I actually have left to do to graduate from college. Surprisingly it's not a lot. 56 more credits.		0
IF WE "TALK" &amp; U HAVE NO INTENTIONS OF BEING TOGETHER, AT SUM POINT LET ME KNOW! I DONT DESERVE TO HAVE MY TIME WASTED!		0
Nothing like a family lunch date!		0
i saw a girl with a shirt that said "imagine dragons" i thought that was a bad dragon quote		0
Fuck, got the sniffles.		0
HATE BEING SO POOR😩		0
Grr you're hot &amp; I can do nothing about it. This is painful		0
About to prove to everyone around here how dope a lowered diesel can look		0
"Wealth is the product of a person's capacity to think." - Ayn Rand		0
he always go MIA at the random times😂		0
Uhh school starts tomorrow		0
My 8 month old is bad ass shit		0
Don't you hate it when you've almost finished your bowl of cereal and the last 5 are like, "Catch me if you can, bitch!"		0
Coach Shyatt ill and won't coach tonight versus AFA. Allen Edwards, who scouted the Falcons will be the head man tonight.		0
I could never wife her...only one night her		0
It's so freaking hot and I hate this fudge cakin summer weather. Oh please return oh winter!		0
The smell of Paco Rabanne in Histiry class was so over powering, but all in all, a great choice 👌		0
Everybody is talking about weddings &amp; I'm sitting over here like yeah let's renew those vows this year haha.		0
8 years ago today Kobe scored 81 points		0
Hope this MRI will reveal something, I wanna hit the slopes and use my GoPro already 😔		0
Bar having a fundaiser, man dies of liver desease. That would be like me having a bleeder in my brain from an o.d., drug dealerdoongsame.		0
I really wish i was super talented at doing make up, someone please teach me.		0
Why the fuuu are there shooting on campus' everyday. 50bucks says it's Arkansas tomorrow. They're crazy there.		0
I'm pretty sure I was 10 seconds away from getting hypothermia....		0
"Why are you trying to poison my mind with ya poisonous poison?"		0
wish you would notice me, ffs		0
Just bc it's an electronic cigarette doesn't mean you can smoke it in class ahhhh 😒😒		0
"You are all I see in all this faces."		0
Still got environmental science to review too fml		0
I miss my papa! 08/12/12		0
David Boren said not on OUr campus and cleared Gould hall himself		0
I guess the pre workout has kicked in 😬✌️👋👉💪		0
I hate when I forget to press send, &amp; I'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply.		0
The fact I didn't care to talk to you was idgaf!!!		0
26 days until New York 😍😍😍		0
Everything is based on simple, basic principles.		0
Damn man what mfks on		0
You held me down, but I got up		0
If you think you can do better than me, then fine, HERE!!! the stage is all yours		0
Porsha wannna play strips		0
I got that summertime sadness.		0
Teaching &amp; pairing for a few days revealed just how terrifyingly huge the Rails API surface area is. So much to explain to new people.		0
Because I am happy		0
Time to develop &amp; test "low fat" products that would taste good. Same thing is happening with the "sugar" development 2/2		0
Contrary to your wisdom turning off the WiFi in the house will not increase productivity, but rather it will cause strife and frustration		0
If he try to run I'll lay his back down		0
In bed from 8am till 6.30pm watching breaking bad ...		0
And when I see you , my face , she shine brite like a flowa 😍 ♡		0
If music listening is listening to Lil Wayne I think I'll get an A		0
Oh ma gaaaad still haven't done my coursework 😫🔫		0
sometimes, we forget who we really are.		0
I Would Steal You Away If I Could &lt;3		0
So glad my boyfriend came home today ❤️		0
I just want to be left alone.		0
Why is typing on here moving very slow.. kinda frustrating.		0
The only good part about being sick is watching the Maury show.		0
alright black radiance bb cream review, I'm ready to tackle you!		0
When you become a millionaire what's next ?		0
Yay my forever 21 order came in (: (:		0
Juan Mata has told family members that he will join United- Daily Metro		0
I see you Lizzard Lounge. Stepping up your game with these dj's.		0
I give credit where credits due. If my team sucks I'll admit it. Like how my NYK suck lol fuck it still my team tho!		0
I always make my weekend plans like Tuesday so I have something to get me through the week		0
As much as I enjoy being around my friends, I really do cherish my alone time.		0
My favorite video on the internet right now is probably the one where Drake successfully flips a pancake and he think he's the shit after		0
What do you get out of that?		0
Sean Turner Bristol Children's Hospital heart surgery inquest - Coroner's decision due at 10am tomorrow		0
Not gonna waste my time waiting for someone who doesn't want me.		0
Going to see a horror and it happens to e in screen 13		0
tender surrender - steve vai		0
So do your heart a favor, turn around and leave. It may not be what you want but, it's what you need.		0
"who IS this monster" better trend next week bc I know we'll all be tweeting it lmao		0
Government blocking internet resources from today.Most of internet and mobile providers blocking sites like Twitter,Facebook,VK.End is near.		0
I'll be in the corner of the universe if you need me		0
Xanax and shots. I remember nothing.		0
I can love you more then thissss🎵		0
Once accepted you can truly be at peace and move and so you too can better yourself.		0
My computer would crash in the middle of a lecture		0
Buzzcut Season – Lorde		0
I will never understand how grown adults can't push in their chairs when they're done sitting at a table. /end rant		0
Fire Drill - Friday, January 31 BYOB		0
Being single on valentines day sucks, but not when's it's ur birthday 😬		0
I cant wife nun idk why 😏		0
Now that I typed it out....it looks hella dumb. But when I say it...it doesn't sound dumb. Lmao.		0
Bae sent me to work right today, LORD!		0
Ima major in criminal justice.		0
Got caught by a camera on the way to school. Didn't even know I was speeding. 😳😳 slick gonna get me.		0
prom is this year		0
Dont feel like goin home		0
Ppl are such schemes loll		0
Whoever loves a pure heart and gracious speech will have the king as a friend. (Proverbs 22:11 NLT)		0
The sweetest prepster navy + hot pink invite suite just went out for approval!		0
1) Del Sickles: travel commission should pre-approve travel &amp; make sure its for educational purposes		0
Almost finished with English tho 👍		0
I was too harsh 😔		0
No artists should be compared to each other bc no artists are alike. They're all different and have unique styles of music.		0
Please excuse me while I listen to Idina Menzel sing 'Let It Go' fifteen times in a row.		0
I Understand , Its A Life Lesson_Bosslady.		0
BLESSD TU B HURR ON THIS PRETTYY COLD DAYY !!!		0
I feel like throwing up.		0
new nails cause me to involuntarily tap on everything		0
All for 0.00, free.99 👌✌️		0
I can't wait to the spring y'all just don't know		0
Love is when you barely move because you're scared you will do something dumb.		0
I cannot stand self righteous people....... No. You're not morally superior so sit the fuck down.		0
First day working at triad stage!		0
Hold on. They're making another transformers movie this year?! 😍😍		0
Only took an hour and a half but I definitely made it.		0
Peace Love Enemies 😬✌️		0
If a person keeps coming back &amp; you love each other enough to keep forgiving past mistakes, maybe you were really meant for each other.		0
Pub 99 wit my Darkskin niggas		0
BREAKING Man united to sign mata maybe or maybe not ! You heard it here first		0
COOL PHONE COOL 👿👿👿		0
i just want new music from ed sheeran		0
So Del Zotto got traded to Nashville, their feed of the Rangers game last night must not have been working.		0
There's walnuts up in this shit hot damn.		0
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.		0
Today has been excellent.		0
Never a good commute home from London when the underground line and station I need has severe delays.		0
Be gone with yourself, your nine lives are up.		0
get it while your here boyy , cause all that hype wont feel the same next year boyy.		0
Gunna copy that bran lad, if I could team with anyone in this com it'll be, dizzer, sebb, and aVee.		0
Life be throwin shit ton of obstacles at ya b		0
forget the past. I'm here.		0
always takes more then their fair share then tries to look good by giving back - stop taking so I don't need your hand outs		0
have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?		0
There are wonderful men out there! Men who don't cheat or hit u or abuse u emotionally!		0
Finding something to get a guy for Valentine's Day is nearly impossible 😁		0
As teeny boppish as it is, the summer sets "boomerang" is so catchy and on my guilty pleasure playlist lol		0
i change for the better		0
Excited to ball, its been a minute		0
Said idk, why do I live my life this way		0
Sure when I put petrol in nothing actually comes out of the pump		0
If you go to HCC today looking cute, I'm judging you like you would not believe.		0
Not leaving this bed today 😴		0
My legs still hurt		0
Torn between being concerned about Amanda's mental health and needing her to make more review sheets cause they're my only hope		0
No! 6,7, or 9 chapters are missing... what happened?!?!?!?!		0
Next time you want to spread your bullshit dont involve me 'mate'		0
I'm about I take a nap. 😴		0
I will admit that was a little scary .		0
Imma go see about this dance and the rest of this theater stuff next week..! Or whenever I have time..!		0
My only competition is the girl in the mirror		0
I will fight till the end.		0
Oh hey Singapore I've missed you.		0
I'm not sorry for anything		0
If I wake up late, I still eat breakfast even if it's 12:00pm and I'll eat lunch at 2:00pm and dinner at 7:30 lol ..		0
This time tomorrow January exams will be over and I'll have a cocktail in my hands		0
furiously makes notes while the person next to you doesn't do anything... ._.		0
the fan (?) inside my computer is being really loud and it's making me nervous i don't know what to do.		0
We're more then friends but less then a couple		0
So many people at this printer right now		0
Thats dog shit on her behalf! If it was off the mark she should have flagged me up on it not said yeah keep going. Did everything she wanted		0
Class got poo .		0
I always prayed that I realized their future goals and want happy parents~		0
Retweet this if you wanna bet on Sunderland		0
Never expected to be 17 and both shoulders are bad. Price you pay		0
I'd rather talk to you in person or over the phone than text 😒		0
Restarted watching prison break. Bye bye degree		0
Hope rvp comes back today ✊✊		0
He was the first to hear my son's heartbeat after 3 failed pregnancies. He always asked how my wife and daughter were doing *by name*		0
These people need those wcws and mcms to survive doe		0
Selling ibuprofens to the freshmens for $8		0
Remind me again why I'm paying $2 more than what your sign outside says this food is worth? Are fast food restaurants charging for tips now?		0
I'm great in bed here.		0
i hate having first lunch on these days		0
Had a bath now in bed watching tv and eating chocolate		0
Dixie Chiclets Gum		0
I am terrible at Art 👌		0
I can't wait till I start hosting my own show(:		0
Hate having nothing to do. Bored.		0
People will always find a way to feel some type of way , and make it the person they feel some type way about fault ! IT'S YO FEELINS!! Lol		0
Your mood changes like the weather		0
And there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears. And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears.		0
I went to sleep early last night, it felt soo good.		0
Losing followers because I changed my name to my name 😂😂		0
adrien broner is shit at ball		0
Ir pro curso com fome... Oh Jesus! Hahahaahah.		0
Vince Young, another casualty of the system.		0
Ice tea is facking heaven		0
Niggaz out here raping?		0
You make me sick, just go away.		0
The more exercises I do, the worse. Tomorrow, I'm failing the exam... :(		0
I don't know what to do😞		0
BREAKING: Optum report cites major problems with MNsure. Says fixes could take 12 to 24 months.		0
I wanna go do some country shii with a country boy		0
music is becoming a passion		0
Moms ranting about the burton accent 😂		0
Got 100 on my quiz, Thank you Light Skinned Jesus.		0
They be like Mayo you never hmu no more???		0
Just Got Back From The Visit FreeWhatsMine ❤️ Love You Tyeem 👫✊💯		0
When people dont text me back &lt;		0
burned 154 calories doing 60 minutes of Yoga		0
Perfect streets in Alice and they still fix them?. Fix our fucking Grand Canyons in SD!		0
Some old guy in a van gave me a ride to my car for my parking spot and then I realized that's how people get kidnapped 😳		0
Why would he walk away when he's still playing as good as he is and has that team around him?		0
I'm only human and I crash and I break down.		0
You are the most fantastic person I've ever met! God must've been on a really good mood when He created you.		0
"I really don't think that wearing a YOLO t-shirt adds veracity to your outfit," said the stick-in-the-mud vampire to his buddy.		0
Titles ain't shit 👫 if the story 📰 don't match it		0
Surprised Blair doesn't have an entourage of security to deal with harassing hipsters. I'd volunteer		0
I just want to go somewhere and help people		0
Everything that drowns me make me wanna fly~		0
Cabaye or gundogan now and I'll be happy for this window!		0
Just remembered that a random man asked Rachael &amp; I for money then told her he liked how her eyebrows looked😂		0
Crowd-funding seems to be all the rage this past year. Have you ever participated in, or even created your own crowd-funding campaign?		0
Its so hot in building 12🔥🔥		0
I just wrote the corniest story ever for English, it ends in 'i admired my selfie with God' 👏👏👏		0
bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun..		0
This whole cold outside hot indoors transition is killing me		0
My sisters soo sad...		0
Having lunch with bae.		0
I hate seeing my loved ones sick.		0
Smack my ass and yell NEXT after sex, so I know I am special.		0
When people keep insisting on how they are, it makes me think you're the complete opposite.		0
I completely froze. :/		0
Just woke up and gotta be at work soon 😒		0
So nice to see this in the US		0
I got drugs for everybody		0
Orate waking up to no one home. Tar 😪👎		0
Rooney AND Van Persie aren't playing, for fuck sake man!!		0
Yo wen I get out of class. ..weight room,pit, then chill mode		0
Wednesdays are my longest days, I just wanna go home already. 😒		0
But in fact L's relationship with Elaine is almost always more of a detriment to his political efficacy than is his relationship with G.		0
mucho madrizzz muchos rials		0
LEARN from yesterday, LIVE for today, and HOPE for tomorrow		0
1D makes me laugh hard sometimes		0
Gotta pay 150 for an online class 😩😩😩 Wahh not even in college yet &amp; I already have to pay for classes 😑		0
Yes it's mid-week &amp; time for a to get you through to Friday 'An actor has to burn inside with an outer ease'		0
I hate Quinn and Wyatt. I hate them so much. Please go back to where you came from.		0
LBJ is going through them KOBE PRIME YEARS.... When KOBE was on his shit 2000-09 who was better then him I. The league??? NO1		0
Every boy wants a good girl to be bad just for him. Every girl wants a bad boy to be good just for her.		0
2014 seems promising 👍👍👍		0
You will never be the same, once im done with you!		0
that thang silly lol		0
I want a hockey jersey..		0
I don't even mind. :)		0
But don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets 🎶		0
So happy tomorrow's pay day		0
cville game tonight .		0
High school is the easy part of life 💯		0
Just found out that my uncle, who is a garderner, is allergic to plants AHAHAHAHAHA😂🌷🌹🌾		0
some sushi right now would be good 🎣		0
Just let me be who I am, please		0
You're everything I want my man to fr		0
they don't even taste nice it's like crunchy soap but i can't stop		0
My favorite thing about Communications is how often he uses Daily Show to explain things.		0
can't believe how selfish you're being		0
Jrue seen my side stretch marks. He touched them, and then said to		0
Great showing for City of Derry Rugby Club on BBC Newsline tonight.		0
It used to make me sad the robotness of people and still avoided isn't that feeling		0
don't actually get how people dislike beards, mad fuckers		0
My sister is pregnant and I'm not allowed to tell my parents...jeese, it's her own fault		0
Everybody all excited for chipotle, yet the food tastes like shit there honestly		0
I asked god to remove all my enemies, I was surprise when I lost niggaz that were friends with me 		0
Fucker won't stop bitching at me all day.		0
My whole life I've been dying to wish and to live and experience Everything possible		0
This is why I hate getting sick .		0
Man sometimes I wonder about myself		0
Think I may be in the shittest mood going		0
Not really exciting about a new Fedal tbh. Too much stress. Nadal these days wins even playing bad.		0
Super deal to bring Mata by united if they can pull it. Everyone needs a Mata if he's available. He is that good		0
Grandmas with thigh gaps.. Not a pretty sight		0
Fake it till you make it 👌👔💼		0
I met a girl yesterday.. and i talk to her and she accept.. But she is not		0
The one day I choose to go to the DMV their computers are down lol I hate this place		0
In commercial fiction, story&gt;style. Hated 50 Shades until a fan said it made her laugh. That's as good a reason as any to love a book		0
UK readers WE LOVE YOU. I know that the Reddit is going at 1AM your time. Know she will be on there for a while!		0
The fact that my Spanish teacher cancelled class on Friday&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		0
Can't see United going through tonight. Hope im wrong though. Come on United. Cause a cup-set.		0
What?! Have you never seen a man walk out of his front door and throw 3 hot dog sausages at the road before?!! Don't you judge me!		0
some of Ya'll really need jesus		0
I will miss mata like hell if he goes, but its the best for his career that he keeps playing at top level. Will be happy for him		0
I'm going to start talking in the third person		0
Someone help me with my algebra project before I cry.		0
Just heard Keith is gonna be an assistant for Greer this year		0
Then have the audacity to not let us play games...		0
overly keen and enthusiastic people exhaust me		0
Sooo I just found out that there are spiders that chill underneath toilet seats.. So fuck public bathrooms for now on		0
Teachers spend so much time explaining basic math if numbers are involved and it's not a math course.		0
Hope the next few weeks fly by ✈️✈️		0
That awkward moment when you're about to get up and the old lady found another seat.		0
I don't know anyone in this class and wr have to choose blog groups. Lol no thank you		0
But I'll sleep like a baby tonight. 💤💤		0
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong.		0
"you were just a blank canvas that I made into art "		0
Del Zotto for Kevin Klein....He was so good in a Fish Called Wanda.		0
god, i'm feeling so bad for all the fans of the wanted		0
Terrible fours is the new terrible twos.		0
Actually looking forward to college tomorrow		0
Crazy eyes in my sociology class says politics are genetic and has to do with eye color.		0
You are 👏👏 cut off 👌		0
Jetlag is like yawns it's catching		0
There are some birds who ‘dance’ on the ground to imitate rain, so worms will come out.		0
Mr weatherman is my jam y'all		0
S/O to the two black girls for making my day better.		0
i absolutely hate my brother.		0
On a scale of 1-10 the amount of motivation I have today is a zero.		0
Gotta wait till Saturday then I'll see if you can ball 😏		0
Workaholics kind of blows. Way overrated		0
So - were there 2 one handed Tui type catches last night? But only the 1st one gets the $100k?		0
Somebody sprayed perfume and I'm choking😷		0
Dear Mr. Perfect i don't need u in my life but i need u in my dream....		0
Time is an illusion, life is a confusion, WEED is the solution.		0
I would stay up all night just to talk to you.		0
Why I decided to ride in the pouring rain I don't know, I'm absolutely soaked😫🐎		0
Joel DaSilva and The Midnight Howl will be performing at 6:45 on Beale St. at "Alfred's" ! Howl !!!		0
His tombstone read “Here lies Ozzy Mandias.” Sadly, no one got it.		0
dodger is so so gorgeous😍		0
"Cool guys don't look at explosions"		0
Who wants to be my date for 100th night? Seriously		0
re: Q2: Why should we wait for an entertainers/celebs?		0
When he says my girl &gt;&gt;&gt; 😍☺️		0
Using wild ombré on my hair in a minute oh goddddd		0
Article says "The Dothraki are a grab bag of every native/ savage/ other signifier you can think of" - racism, or cliché? Cliché perhaps.		0
Niggas talk it but I walk it..		0
I can't lie, I miss you..		0
Sometimes you've got to give up on people. Not because you don't care, but because they don't. 👍🙌		0
Dreams just keep on getting scattered...		0
but im no inturperter		0
I'm sick of being the girl who has to; call first, text first, ask first, just to get your attention.		0
That ASU fraternity that got suspended was so stupid hahaha		0
They'll either wanna, kiss you, kill u, or be you ...none of thee above have ever phased me😂😂😂		0
Finally getting this whole food/ working out thing figured out. Thank God for all you guys on here. Now I'm not confused all the time.		0
Gonna try sleeping again.		0
Niggas talkin behind my back but they behind me for a reason !		0
How you gonna ride the rider, how you gonna shoot the shooter		0
major tendon damage and a possible fracture		0
i guess he's a tool but his hair is still incredible		0
Pops has given me everything I needed, wanted &amp; more. But his words of wisdom has been the best gift given to me. When that man speaks... ❤️		0
Mr.Gears just hit my clementine out of my hand 😔 so I chucked it at him		0
There is nothing more likely to start disagreement among people or countries than an agreement.		0
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.		0
He was a ducking Loser.		0
why study when you can eat and watch Netflix?		0
literally just one more follower pls		0
You all must be scared to deny free coffee haha		0
I am in love but you don't know that		0
Watch less tv and draw more!		0
I went in to give blood and left a possible bone marrow donor		0
I hate carrying this damn bag around		0
Does mad push ups in rehab. Hits a real gym and could bench 45's and the Olympic bar! Well on my way to being buff!!		0
Funny seeing Robert Kudiaba in his trademark celebration.		0
Well aint that a bxtch..		0
Seems like talk to my self.		0
Stood in a VERY COLD Brighton station, looking at food porn!		0
I miss Coty and Vernon 😩		0
Going to listen to The Wanted and cry :(		0
He burnt my shake		0
All I wanna do is go to the bloody movies with a 'boy-friend' is this so hard...YES		0
The universe is always testing you. Stay strong and endure. The best is yet to come.		0
Why do some people have such big egos		0
He's still perfect though		0
why some women shave of their eyebrows and then paint it back on? o.O		0
somedays are better than others. i am confident that today will be better than yesterday.		0
my swagger straight through the roof bitch!!!!		0
Well his sex anyways		0
Focus is the art of Perfection ......!		0
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.		0
My temper is so necessary at times😡		0
Those memories that you randomly remember and suddenly can't stop smiling.		0
My side bitches dont get shit my main bitch spoiled		0
DRUSILLA!		0
Guys.. Ever tried peeing while u have a hard on? It's hard as shit..		0
Purdue yesterday and now OU...		0
I hope whoever invented Verified by Visa has a very slow and painful death		0
I honestly wouldn't mind the snow/ice if I didn't have to drive to work.		0
bro just said that my chin is sexy 😳😂		0
always a good dinner when you make home made nandos :)		0
DAVID MOYES` RED AND WHITE ARMY		0
Sometimes I forget I drive a car... Until I bottom the shit out of it. 🚘👌		0
Why we are all in the same room tweeting at each other is beyond me		0
If life is a game of dice im rollin Yahtzee style		0
When songs tell me to turn up the volume, I do 😁		0
This week is going far too slow for my liking 😔		0
Im starting my birthday off right		0
im literally dreading this next week and a half can we please skip over it		0
Need me a Clone! Haha		0
Can't deal with this heat		0
"Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration, because you take my breath away."		0
My phone is on 21% and I probably still have 2 hrs here....ugggh		0
Cant believe we just signed Juan Mata for £40 Million im so gassed right now.		0
I remember when we broke up, first time. 8'		0
Is there an app for Android phones that you can use to turn YouTube videos into mp3 songs?		0
My science teacher: aww Gaby are you sick? Me:yesss :( Her: you want a cough drop? Me:sure if you have some Her:oh I don't have any Wtf.		0
I got 99 problems and 3 of them are your wife and kids.		0
Someone puleaase find her ass a seat cause she's in desperate need of one		0
How to deal with a bad day - cry and deal with the next one 😓		0
No friends. No bullshit.		0
I'm so dumb omg		0
What are the best clubs/events out here in ???		0
Workaholics tonight after a loooong and happy weekend!		0
Harry potter still lol		0
Where this bitch at ??		0
Sooo we arent getting mata then		0
It's crazy how the love just fades away		0
Far too excited for barca with my girls👭👭👭👭		0
My black ass dun got caught up smh Damn, Ima still lie shit ack like ion kno wtf going on		0
I love grace because she says nice things to me unlike Nicole *cough* 😒😞		0
We all have that one mate who still thinks man united are still going to win the league 😂		0
Noise is killing our minds' potential. Check out the new Futurnative post!		0
Uu! Youree dead ...		0
Haha please get out of my life		0
once a wildcat, always a wildcat		0
That’s an excellent choice. We have it on right now, too - garage door up or down.		0
How am I still not over you this is ridiculous		0
You always say one thing, then do the opposite. Like, wtf stop.		0
Brothers keeper x Ace hood		0
I think I'm going to like this All-New Avengers storyline? Larocca's art has never looked better than with Frank Martin's coloring.		0
This snow can give me back my boyfriend any time now.		0
Think ill juss take a nap!		0
When you have a good heart: You help too much. You trust too much. You give too much. You love too much &amp; it always seems you hurt the most		0
Just a little warning ladies, I've recently been drafted to the hawks and am taking Russell's starting spot in the Super Bowl..I suck tho 😏		0
I realise getting fat would probably not help me to find someone but I like pancake so..		0
Someone is high as fuck right now in Churchill		0
Yenno what annoys me, when girls stare at me, idk why i just dont like it, stop staring and talk to me OR BLINK lol		0
I need my Chapstick but it's in my car		0
Besides the fact that I cant handle war movies with out crying my eyes out		0
People need to mind there own business		0
Should my tender heart be broken, I will cry those teardrops knowing, I will be just fine 🎧		0
Lady Gaga is beyond sexy omg.		0
When Stefan calls Elena on her b-day while He's stuck with Klaus		0
She make me wanna settle down		0
Colder than Jimmy's soul out here		0
Irtiza gets so mad easily 😂😂😎		0
I've been avoiding commitment that's why I'm in this position.		0
Wearing headphones over my ears to keep them warm. 👌		0
Wearing shorts and a T-shirt in January		0
Now if Zuma acted more like Mbalula, I think government would have delivered.		0
I'm glad my mom took a bitch pill this morning		0
*eats pink starburst* *eyes roll back* *melts into chair*		0
I should get more sleep today.		0
is slowly taking shape now. I can see direction.		0
great. i cant sleep. 😤		0
I'm donw with boxing		0
If you talk shit behind someone's back it's just as rude as talking shit to their face.		0
I was the original socially depraved shy ghetto kid.		0
Already know ima hate this class		0
legendary lovers we could be legendary		0
Cupcake bouquets from £20.00 lovely gift for Valentines Day, Mothers Day, birthdays, thank you gift ........		0
She used to be a really special lady I guess she's just kinda freaky lately		0
Needless to say ... I've not been much this season!!! 😄		0
A guy in my class has a working dog. That is awesome		0
The Mother of my Child...... Leading cause of my stress and Grey Hairs		0
Doctor B and Robinson need to get off my ass		0
You can say "sorry" and "I love you" as much as you want but if you can't prove it, your words don't mean a thing.		0
I am the queen of giving feed back tho. I need to be Mrs Own it		0
Michael Del Zotto to Nashville!!		0
I think I might be the saddest happy person and the meanest nice person to ever exist"		0
Grans at it again turning the electricity off! 🔦		0
ATTENTION: Loud fart heard across TTU campus, possible shooters on sight.		0
We may not understand why God seems to move slowly at times, but we must trust him and be faithful with what he has given us.		0
I have 23% left to go through the whole day and it's not even noon yet fml ☺️🔫		0
I assume that if you click on my 45 second snapchat story that you care.		0
When a rich nigga wants you &amp;your nigga can't do nothing for you		0
Love the people that get inappropriately drunk on Come Dine With Me		0
He mad cus I didn't go to school 😂		0
We work to pay rent/bills. We work to eat. We still slaves		0
It sucks when you put your all into something and it goes nowhere		0
Top bosses at the 2014 World Economic Forum in Davos warn Europe is not yet fully out of recession and reforms are needed.		0
I buy anything I want cause I gotta check.		0
"I'd lay a bitch out" - Kasey😂😂😂😂		0
Hot chocolate after being in the snow👌		0
Buzzin to join home ec tomorrow when I fail higher maths 😁🙌		0
A very grumpy night I'm gonna have!!		0
That awkward moment when you are about to give someone extremely sexy a hug, then you hit a mirror.		0
Subs: Lindegaard, Evra, Jones, Giggs, Young, Cleverley, Valencia.		0
Tryna leave school and go to the nearest Starbucks except the nearer Starbucks is TEN MILES AWAY		0
When I reply to you with one word answers it means I'm mad at you. Then you're supposed to ask me what's wrong and I'll tell you.		0
for all those asking yes my pubes are curly too		0
last semester my worst grade was a D literally this is a call from the gods		0
Wednesday tonite!!!		0
If we lose then I dunno what else they want Moyes to do.		0
To stay sane, I avoid my Facebook news feed at all costs.		0
Mya why arent u married? I mean there has to b a reason why u havnt yet.		0
Never give up on something you really want.		0
turn that frown upside down. what do you get? lightheadedness and looking like a fool 'cause you've never practiced handstands		0
Only love my clique 🎱😈		0
Just dipped my paintbrush in my tea what is wrong with me		0
Driving to the Veneta post office ! Time saving...		0
I keep one on standby just incase we have a standby		0
There's a reason people are in your past. And if they didn't make it to your present, don't let them slip into your future.		0
Single life or no life		0
if that's the qualifications to be wifed then bitch I don't meet em .		0
If him and clams casino did a beat tape together that would be life...		0
'Fred Bloggs' followed me earlier so I've competed life and goodbye.		0
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.		0
difficult to like peeps that have a boner for top brands, just cos theyre top brands, makes me feel real awkward for some reason		0
HUNTER'S HOGWARTS DO NOT LOOK AT ME		0
Biggest pain in my stomach ugh!😰		0
Oh yes, ladies, I'm really bein' sincere 'cause in a 69 my humpty nose will tickle ya rear. My nose is big, uh-uh I'm n...		0
Don't forget to apply for by 5 pm tonight!!		0
If my voice gets on the same level of deepness as Hasheem Thabeet, I'll take a vow of silence.		0
My school day can't get any more boring.		0
The episode of Greys where Denny dies will forever make me cry		0
Lorde - Buzzcut Season		0
Anyone know if anyone is hiring??		0
I'm 16 and I'm doing the work of a mother.		0
If I can get to the future... I wanna know who is my husband so I get to spend more time wif him now~ :p		0
Everybody's screaming, I try to make a sound but no one hears me		0
Breakfast at lunch time...		0
I once had a best friend that's now a stranger.		0
Since when did I do that?		0
It's too cold outsid,for angels to fly		0
I need to come up with a money saving plan		0
In complete and utter disbelief over the fact that Margot Robbie and I are the same age.		0
You have some serious problems if you think you're the only girl he's talking to. 😂		0
Are we seriously still "turning up" in 2014 ... really?!		0
Sam Owens tries to hold my hand in the hallway. 💗		0
Thinking about the person you love, makes you smile.		0
Go look at my profile pictchaaaaa on Instagram 😏😉😘✌️		0
But I don't care. You not paying me to be around you...		0
Beat the men with the chest hair!!		0
I FEEL SO BAD FOR MISSING CREW BUT I NEED TO STUDY SO BAD		0
When jealousy consumes you...😒		0
I have a fear of leaving my house		0
I just want some fries		0
enough about the D jokes..		0
So its actually happening, Chelsea will probably use the funds to buy a cf come summer..(financial fair play)		0
This is literally the slowest day of my life 😐		0
Full blog post to come later this afternoon on trade		0
tkmaxx is pretty decent, got a shock proof case for my phone for a £5 down from £20! 👌		0
Niggas be tripping. Ya'll needa chill a bit, damn... :{		0
These basic bitches always acting salty?!!		0
God I did something stupid today again.. Kill me.		0
Gutted that I can't go Italy this year😔😔		0
It just hit me How little I mean to everyone And nobody would even notice If I disappeared		0
HHHHHHHHHHH I WISH I STILL HAD MONEY BUT I HAD TO PAY FOR SCHOOLLLLL		0
Note to self... Start watching the news and reading the paper to save me looking like a right TWAT in embarrassing intelligent conversations		0
Its -2 and you are wearing shorts. What is your primary malfunction private!		0
Teen mom 2 Is addictive		0
hi guys anyone there?		0
I'm bored, I might wand curl my hair♥		0
i went to my momma room a 9 and said goodmorning😂😂 she thought i went to school😩		0
Wednesday nights are Workaholics nights		0
: A small circle w. No new niggas :		0
Home made lentil soup		0
I need a nap 😫		0
I can understand why Arctic Monkeys didn't release Sandtrap.		0
Creative people we have		0
Philomena was very good, go see it while you can. Steve Coogan is excellent (so is Judi Dench).		0
Class full of freshmans like a hoe lmao		0
If you can go days without talking to me, I'm obviously not that important to you.		0
Like I feel how passionate she is and it's just !!!		0
NAM TAEHYUN YOU PIECE OF HEAVEN		0
This "neck and nominate" thing is literally going through me 😷 cringing watching them! At least add piss and spit to it!		0
I love cuddles with Noah		0
So I now have knowledge that Vince young regularly spent 5k in US dollars at the Cheesecake Factory. This happened weekly.		0
I wanna do my nails already ...		0
Had my first closing this past Friday as an ISA in collaboration with Ees Harry and just got my first check!! My 3 month training is over...		0
My boss is strict with me I gotta get back to work * Writing * I like Hey hey I'm my little boss &amp; I'm happy to work with me Love Passion xx		0
I'm ready to go home!!! Gonna watch PLL that I missed yesterday,&amp; then go to sleep(:		0
Want to help me with my Skype demo today?		0
How........how do I manage to lose pens everyday. I have lost 3 pens already today and have only been in classes since 11.		0
Them last 3 days were raw! Deffo getting myself down the boozer for a well deserved pint!		0
resigned myself to probably failing my next exam. genuinely can't bring myself to care		0
There are things we can do but from the things that work there are only two and from the two that we choose to do.		0
wants to build a Britain where we all feel safe? That'll be now then, please...		0
I got some nice faces in my mentions.		0
have to admit I'm a little heartbroken about the wanted taking a break, they were my life in 2010		0
Only thing I am excited for this year is to see Little Mix in May		0
God blesses us with the most Beautiful days!		0
I really need food in my system		0
Can't Even see your tweets anymore. Meaning I care but I shouldn't.		0
Da Rockwilder is classic Red n Meth killed		0
God please forgive me if I fall asleep in my Bible class		0
Sick of everything being my fucking fault		0
❤️ Twitter		0
1.2.3 I'm loving you, 4.5.6 I'm missing you (8)		0
During my 22 years of living the best thing I've learned is to depend on myself a lil bit more than others		0
My teacher told me to tweet "describe me in one adjective" so raid my mentions		0
NWA- Nips with Attitude		0
The moment of truth		0
The less you care, the happier you'll be.		0
Don't Cry...!!! Smile.. Is Better!!!		0
You don't even realize how much I love talking to you.		0
Boy I love Tatiana!!!! That's family!!!!!!		0
This trade can't be serious		0
Please please pleaseeee kill me		0
Work work work work		0
David Cameron should sing a power ballad to round off this party political broadcast		0
Since getting back from work I have laid in bed, napped, eaten a full box of chocolate fingers and sipped 3/4 of a bottle of wine		0
Where my History 7B homies at?		0
All around me in the Brecon pub were speaking Welsh. I asked the landlady "what do you call that, Pen y Fan"? "Oh I just call it Table Top."		0
Ohio here I come 👌		0
I swear no wonder im alone		0
No no no stop I hate valentines day so many bad/good memories that are now fucking terrible		0
The world behind me, the Cross before me. No turning back.		0
Doing stuff at home.		0
It amazes me how some people don't realize how rude they really are..		0
Let it go &amp; move on!		0
Love this! So rich and sweet		0
Complexity of trousers, long-johns &amp; boxers have brought me dangerously close to peeing my pants.		0
So funny to me		0
Mata to United....		0
{Sweet Memories by Olivia Ong}		0
Having fun watching everyone walk on the new bike paths instead of these huge sidewalks. But at least they are following the arrows right?		0
I genuinely feel so much better for not drinking fizzy drinks anymore		0
I'm so ready to quit... I'm just afraid I will actually miss what I do? But I have more of a life than this bull everyday		0
this feels like Spain again and I do not like it.		0
Be wise and do the right thing. Don't let irrelevant people waste your time. Your time is valuable and should be spent with valuable people.		0
be no ones second choice		0
"That lady didn't have any teeth! The one driving! Hmm maybe she put them in her purse..." - Dad😂😂😂		0
I love Tv programmes where uniformed pedants make people's lives a little bit more miserable. Go Britain!!!		0
I NEED TO WATCH THIS IS US !dont judge me i haven't seen it yet 😭😭😭		0
Stan Collymore needs to get a grip, stop commentating stupid things and people won't annoy you, also try not to beat women up...		0
I wanted to text you, but then I remembered we don't talk anymore.		0
I went to school, then ran, and did core all before noon haha. I love being a senior and having only 3 and 2 classes each day		0
A Few People Will Be On The MixTape Jay Jones, Skip, P-Town Moe, Bonka Whop, Easy Money + A Few More		0
IHSAA thought process? Let's change the one thing everyone agrees on and keep what everyone is against. I feel bad for IHSFB athletes		0
And a nigga got first lunch everyday. Ugh		0
I have to keep remembering that it's okay to love yourself :)		0
I wish we had school today, rather than making it up as a full day in June..		0
Nothing but good vibes		0
what is it with the email identity theft in Germany, with which the mass media panics the underlings? Is it a Windows problem or Adobe?		0
Confused love is accepted. Eventually hate evolves.		0
Blackberry Smoke has now been moved from the Slade rooms to Wulfrun Hall, Wolverhampton.		0
Get far too emotional at programmes, sitting sobbing at Hollyoaks!!		0
...but i read that meme in obako's voice. LOL		0
It's good to have choices, for the best in mortgage rates click on my profile link NOW!		0
Life has 3 C's: Choice, Chance, Change. You have to make the Choice, to take the Chance, if you want anything to Change.		0
I dont miss him, I miss who I thought he was.		0
Pretty sure no one is reading this book except Brandon.. Wth is this world coming to?		0
Mata must have Thursday evenings free then I take it?		0
Anybody know of any places hiring? My brother NEEDS a job!		0
Mum, I do get angry with you sometimes but still I can't live without you.		0
These are the days that bind us together, forever. &lt;3		0
Why lie and start more shit in my relationship bitch?		0
With everything considering for the Yankees this hashtags sums it up:		0
Mauling bets with myself		0
A5: I have started a Twitter training or sharing for peers when I give my tech tip of the week		0
can't wait for you too get your ass kicked		0
So I pray to the dealer		0
I really do have the worst temper 😡		0
Back on my HP Veer. Missed this great phone and WebOS. Very happy with H2o Wireless so far. My port was done when I woke up.		0
Eating a fruit salad for tea, hate trying to be healthy		0
Without Andy Grove, there is no Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, etc, etc, etc.		0
Follow us on twitter and instagram. Stay up to date with the Souvlaki happenings!		0
I remember when I first found kik....I did not like that shit		0
JUST WISH I COULD WATCH THE WHOLE THING WITH SUBS. MY HEART WOULD CRIPPLE TO PIECES WHEN I WATCH IT		0
I wish to own a pandora ring ☺️💍		0
Quenelle was on the news looooool, go on girl		0
Just hited 80 subscribers WOW		0
I haven't travelled for 2 months apart from my family. It all ends today. Headed your way Raleigh. CHA &gt; ATL &gt; RDU		0
Bout to get my eye brows waxed I'm scared this lady is going to butcher them...		0
The fact that I'm getting emails from stores about "spring styles" makes me so happy☀️☀️☀️		0
Time for a half an hour power nap		0
i really want to go to the gym , but i'm to poor :/		0
I want a boxer puppy!		0
As I promised ... I'm coming for you Dr.Miftahoof !		0
The cowl is FINISHED. Well. It's soaking, so I can block it, and I need to find buttons . . . but the KNITTING part is done!		0
Real eyes. Realize. Real lies. That's why sometimes I don't believe everything I hear.		0
For me there is no death; there is only immortality but for you there is only death.		0
Near death experience..... I swear to God that was scaryyyy		0
If people heard the thoughts in my head...😅		0
Brandon spelled backwards... sounds like an insult I used back in 2nd grade 😁		0
Trip count now up to 3.		0
Strave the ego, feed the soul...		0
Not gone let that one person fuck up my day , 😒		0
Of this song I'm writing becomes a thing I'll need a guitar in drop D		0
On a positive a charity in Africa is going to get some much need funding and the board members won't piss away the funds.		0
Man do I ever suck at coup!		0
Little things make me so happy		0
In Lake Wales 📚💰		0
This girl has straight up fucked the whole world		0
Fire rages at Mississippi biodiesel plant		0
really want a Polaroid camera 📷😔		0
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul.		0
When I miss my guy already		0
If I were to pluck on your heartstrings, would you strum on mine? 🎶		0
I mean I guess sam can be here		0
I just don't understand why you would think to put wood panels on a PT Cruiser.		0
B2B marketers: are you too busy to read what B2B vendors are sending you? So are the people you're trying to sell to, probably. Reflect.		0
And sometimes you just miss people you are not supposed to miss. Humans are funny like that.		0
Being a rebel and not resuming normal activity today because I'm too emotionally distraught 😞		0
Approach a date with the expectation to have fun, not to fall in love. Setting unrealistic expectations will always result in disappointment		0
Part of awesomeness comes from how he figures the Predator out.		0
Today we're younger than we're ever going to be		0
Just found $200 in my closet. Sweet!		0
Officially done with Spanish 🙏		0
Meek had a dope flow on Foreigners. The beat goes perfect with his tone		0
Don't give up just because things are hard		0
If ya give me your love, then I'll give you mines back and if you get to acting up I cut you off like that 💁		0
just found out tool is going on tour.................		0
Nothing like waking up to an earful of drama. 😑		0
It's actually 350, LOL.		0
Mata going to united, Salah going to Liverpool PERFECT FOR CHELSEA 😭		0
First JLS, now the Wanted, if one direction split aswell i will actually die. Sad arent i		0
Let it rain then clear it out!		0
Netflix type of day bc no school 😍💕		0
Cheating on a girl is deeper than people realize. It destroys her outlook on love, her future relationships, and peace within herself.		0
I don't want to do anything		0
I just want to go home		0
Im Done Trynaa Make Everybody Happy .. If It Aint Gonn Affect Me , I Could Care Less Now .		0
Friday is going to be insane		0
Governor's State of the State highlights, two house fires, county tobacco grades and the Snowgoose Festival today Action News at Noon.		0
Is it yet?		0
Brr... Cold everywhere. Mon in Espoo, Wed back in Espoo. Let's see how cold is Oulu tomorrow. Mostly internal affairs.		0
can y'all please clean the snow off y'all cars before driving them (especially on the highway)?		0
Kevin Gates - Strokin ♥		0
*SPOILER-ISH* Because there's a wedding coming up in Season 3B!		0
RIP grandad... I'll miss you always♥		0
Craving SO BAD!		0
I been down since day 1		0
Im just reallllllyyyyy tireddd		0
Also I miss playing ultimate Frisbee		0
And stop chasing me with your cars lol STOP		0
Presidents: The DEADLINE to submit February events to the AASAC Universal Calendar is next Friday, Jan. 31 at 11:59pm.		0
It's become an addiction		0
I get very frustrated when people aren't nice to me so be kind or I'll devolve into a 4 year old child		0
Heart full of hurt, full of purp got me laughing		0
I love it when people post pics of their money and really think their "balling." YOU STILL LIVE WITH YOUR PARENTS! You're not "balling"		0
Dead Space 3 ending :'(		0
Done with you and your crap . You only want 1 thing		0
Lmao at these people		0
That stupid smile you get when you remember a cute moment with him ♥		0
"I can't remember to forget you"		0
If ur future aint clear.. Try subscribe to GOD's Network via ... It works I tell u.		0
I hate when people text me hours later trying to continue the conversation... bitch the feeling is gone..		0
Gurl in my stats always has come back shack		0
Lol I'm feeling some hate on twitter today !		0
I fell in love with you, I don't know how, I don't know when, I don't know where but I did.		0
In the good news section today I have well and truly smashed my target and with a 30% conversion. I am the shit so take a good whiff		0
If i'm screwed your hammered		0
This run will be freezing😁		0
Top 10 schedule, results		0
LMAO watching taxi ride for the umpteen eleven times ♥		0
Put ur pride to da side		0
Like exsqueeze me, picking a selfie to post on beach board is hard enough already, u can hav a coke, u needs to go, secuuurity		0
*After his rampage with the car, many people run away screaming. He screams and shoots his machine gun arm at the fleeing crowd*		0
Totally don't remember buying the dress I got in the mail today, but its cute so I'll keep it		0
Prayer s d key n a testimony of dat		0
Home early, fuck yeah.		0
Damn bruh's fucked up		0
Scientists say bartenders will soon be replaced by robots programmed to make any drink -- fascinating, but who am I going to sleep with?		0
So I got a referral today😑😂		0
15 rts and I'll give in form matuidi away		0
So much to watch tonight 😁😁😁		0
I feel like everyone one around me relies on alcohol and I'm sick of it		0
I know it was never going to happen but could you imagine the hype if Giants &amp; Jets were in the Super Bowl this year? ESPN = Unwatchable.		0
I need a hero		0
That awkward moment when you don't know why you're in a bad mood, but you just are.		0
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.		0
Lately I've been basically eating: pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta, pasta.		0
Ugh I wanna go back to light hair😖		0
Not only do I get to recruit the beach in Fla, I get a chance to catch up with my ole man also		0
I think my twitter crush is still in high school		0
You can't keep you're hands off meee;)&lt;3		0
Last Vegas, Wolf Of Wall Street, 12 Years A Slave, American Hustle and now the new Hunger Games!		0
2013 was quite flat until the autumn when a number of interesting transactions came through		0
yeaaaaaahhh ohh wahhh ohhh wahhh,		0
Haha. Mrs.Fernandez game me cookies for getting in trouble😂😂		0
All these fitness accounts are following me and idk if it's an insult or a compliment 😐😂		0
Titties, ass, hands in the air, it's a party over here		0
Stop feeling alone. Start laughing. Stop dreaming. Start believing. Stop Fighting. Start loving. Stop thinking. Start acting.		0
comer hasta no poder moverme &lt;3		0
Hmm... to download the Lighting Returns demo or not...		0
Well every time I wake up... Not really morning anymore . Lol		0
The Rangers traded Michael Del Zotto? Are you kidding?		0
If United get Mata and Rooney and RvP stay fit the rest of the year got to think they will end up in top 4		0
Looking through the 19000 posts I've liked on tumblr		0
Since when is singing the same four measures twenty times considered music		0
I think for now I'm just retweeting		0
No am not that dude..."who would fuck anything that walks...		0
Great. Klein for MDZ. Really an upgrade? Nope.		0
Anybody want to give me a ride to the show tonight?		0
Hubby is sick. Like flu sick. :( I'm going to Clorox everything when I get home.		0
I just did it...now what's supposed to happen?		0
put a password on your WiFi. Remember, sharing is caring.		0
Getting to leave work early... tonight... Zumba tonight... tomorrow! This week simply rocks!		0
Poetry, poetry, and more poetry.		0
Starting to get sick of the way some people have been treating me😕		0
I give good advice that ill never use myself		0
The only thing harder then letting go is moving on.		0
I MISS YOU, but I'm not going to text you first cause I wanna see if you miss me more.		0
WHEN NIGGAS PHONE HANG UP IN THE MIDDLE OF A CONVERSATION THEY DONT CALL BACK THEY LIKE FUCK IT...WHITE PEOPLE CALL BACK		0
Here wt a raido station here in San Antonio Texas its 1130 am excited t9 be here		0
To go to the gym after dinner tonight or not...someone decide for me.		0
Bra I need job		0
About to exchange a pint of blood for some mini cadburys bars. Seems fair.		0
So apparently my garbage AND recycling bins are missing ... That's helpful		0
Forget class, I wanna just sit in my room and play Nintendo all day..		0
Pretty girls need to stop ✋		0
Hello World.. Remember who loves you, and dont ever give up your dreams :)		0
Don't make decisions when you're angry, and don't make promises when you're happy.		0
This is ridiculous. Grow some balls and come talk to me if it's that big of a deal. Quit being so immature about everything😡😥💔👎		0
Rocket is 6 minutes of pure brilliance		0
I have no reason to be so tired today, ugh!		0
Being sick feels awful		0
I 💖 highschool musical		0
The 3rd time they're watchin The Conjuring 😭😭		0
Abn cuidese my brot .I.		0
That video was dope .		0
So happy to finally be calmed down sitting in my chair at work.		0
I talk way to much sometimes I just need to shut up 😭		0
Pretty sure I'm the oldest person in my last and only 100 level class		0
If the deal came down to name value alone, the Rays ran away with this one. Andriese, Lollis, Boxberger...MAXX TISSENBAUM?! No contest.		0
Ready toooo go home		0
Just did a major purge of phone numbers from my contacts list. Feels good.		0
Just know I'd give you the world girl		0
Be a light to someone today.		0
Advertising on the French TV !!!!!!!!		0
Very few things in this world impress me more than the power of the word *reconsiders career choice*		0
I could find a million and a half things to do when I had to go study, now that exams are finally done idk what to do with myself		0
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.		0
I have loved and supported the boys since I was 13/14, they have literally been my teenage years. Devastated		0
People aren't always going to be there for you, that's why you need to learn to handle things on your own.		0
I wish some of my friends lived closer so I'd have someone to play in the snow with.		0
Wow need big money for this ps4 :s		0
Where has the day gone!?		0
I don't like people, I'm just gonna stay in my bed forever		0
Mila's eyes change colors, Sht weird asf !		0
Saw hulk hogan , ultimate warrior name in 2014 royal rumble		0
Favorite professor quote to date, "You mess with this bull and you'll get the titanium fucking horns!"		0
Here's hoping I don't fall asleep in class again 🙏		0
Every time I close my eyes, it's like dark paradise		0
When is the video with emily deschanel at jimmy kimmel on you tube?		0
Something everyday makes me think of you and that big smile, miss you bud. 👼		0
Even tho I'm 3.5 seconds away from my house. It was the scariest 3.5 second drive ever.		0
feel like absolute shit		0
2:30 needa hurry I wanna talk to baeee		0
Homework can go and do one for tonight		0
Hollyoaks is so good at the moment		0
Good Morning (up till 4 with baby) brothers and sisters, I hope you have a great day: paycheck clears, catch all your buses, mail comes ...		0
In honor of Robert E Lee day (1/19) we drank apple pie moonshine and lit a fire. We did the same for MLK day.		0
I have such bad luck with technology, just cracked the screen of my iphone:-(		0
Whats happen to me? Ohh! No!		0
Finally got my from McDonald's...		0
Watching death in paradise... How can they kill off the main guy??? And still play that happy reggae beat in the back.		0
I can't believe Mallory hacked me		0
I don't forget faces just names...		0
I'm actually locked out nd gonna per myself and my mum won't be home for 20 mins I hate living in balumbie so much		0
Im like a bats Faakkkk		0
Thing I wish I'd learn by now: skip the first day of class to avoid stupid icebreaker shit.		0
In my opinion, it's ok to keep secrets and lies til the trust is enough to overlook them...		0
Idk if anybody will ever understand how I feel😏		0
KFOR in Oklahoma City is reporting that OU campus "shooting" is actually a false alarm. Lord, the nat news media literally jumped the gun.		0
So excited for tonight!		0
OU shooting scare was a false alarm.		0
I need a beach and a margarita asap 🌴🌞🍹		0
Thought I had lab today... Smh stressing for nothing		0
Like you would fucking know		0
how does she know that you love her?		0
We'll be shooting stars just passing by		0
I'm getting really tired of losing people.		0
I gotta get my babes sum for they bday		0
THE SELCA VIDEO FROM YESTERDAY. I THOUGHT THEY WOULDNT GET MORE ADORABLE BUT THEY DID. DOES THIS EVEN MAKE ANY SENSE?		0
I have to do my Spanish book😩 I hate spanishhh		0
Just because you're attractive doesn't mean you're my type.		0
I need to start my English 10 smh		0
HANDFUL OF COKE MOUTH FULL OF CRACK		0
I have 2 women crushes		0
Is it jux me or is students week extraordinarily borin?		0
I've visited the petrol station twice today. Healthcare assistants do not get enough petrol allowance...especially for the work that we do!!		0
I'm the next E at the DMV!! 🙋		0
Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want and to do what makes you happy. - Demi Lovato		0
The news report sooooooo much lies its funny and irratating at the same time		0
Sometimes all you need is $100,000.		0
I wish I was born in the 60s		0
I'm such a cuddle bug right now. ☺️		0
I ask my mom to buy me a fruit drink. She offers punch, I respond "too much sugar" she offers apple juice, too much apple. Never mind mom.		0
I still have sticky notes on my laptop from fall '12 semester smh		0
I got a horrible headache😒		0
Our problems, as a society, make me want to cry.		0
A good boyfriend will never wanna change anything about you… except your last name.		0
Jimmy Eat World all day.		0
When all your mates invite you into a group message and talk about shit you don't care about		0
I hate Mexico for inventing Cilantro.		0
Headed to the gym in a few		0
I knew I wasn't crazy lol smh		0
Quiet and demure. Graceful. Polite. Delicate. Refined. Poised. Punctual!		0
We don't take kindly to threats nah we don't take kindly to threats		0
zona fresca is so gooooddd omg		0
That one crush that never really goes away.		0
run ya bands up turn up your finesse		0
My head is straight banging.		0
If you wreck ur car on da way to work(in the snow) should u b able to sue the company?		0
Top 3 CM's in the world: Vidal - 15 goals, 5 assists, 6 PKs Yaya Toure - 14 goals, 5 assists, 2 PKs Ramsey - 13 goals, 7 assists, PKs 0		0
They say I'm gettin' money, must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost, in my Bugatti		0
The reason why I don't speak to you anymore is because I keep telling myself that if you wanted to talk to me, you would.		0
Toast and marmite is my weakness		0
In every P.E class there is always that one person who thinks they are in the fucking Olympics.		0
You know you're cool when autocorrect changes "nope" to "dope"		0
I wish I had someone to cry with in this geology class.		0
Like credit recovery is full of seniors rn		0
The fact that my case still isnt here &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		0
"Indeed, we have revealed to you,[O Muhammad] the Book so that you may judge between the ppl by that which Allah has shown you.."An Nisa 105		0
The goal for today's health care ethics was to get a new lock screen, and I finished that 3 minutes before class started		0
plot twist: i'm not actually in the class with the hot TA.		0
Salah fucking salah? Hes the new Messi bollocks rodgers and henry pull youre fingers out and get us players that will get us in the top 4		0
If you're gonna snapchat with your man/girl make sure you spell their name right..		0
Negative energy will def bring negative outcomes .		0
Europe and USA, where are You ?		0
I pray for you, you will have enough this year in the name of Jesus Christ...Gen.33:8-9...		0
I pray for you, you will have enough this year in the name of Jesus Christ...Gen.33:8-9...		0
No dong dong qiang mode, Xmas mode still on!		0
1999 may be the best mixtape of all time.		0
Glad my concepts was approved at work today &amp; will be used across the - Feeling very - yay, go me!		0
chelsea are going to go after a striker then...		0
Not even a girl can make me so emotional like the way the possible transfer of Mata to Man U has got me feeling.		0
You're smooth as Tennessee whiskey you're as sweet as strawberry wine you're as warm as a glass of brandy and I stay stoned on your love		0
Colleen is real touchy today		0
i will wait for you, my darling		0
I'm the ugly one there to make my friends look good.		0
Being lied to is my favvv 😒		0
Coworker gave me Vicks-scented Puffs tissues for my nose. Sixteen blessings, and 24 good wishes upon his family.		0
What would life be without Chipotle? 😛		0
I want to tell lies		0
Anybody with an alternative way of revoking 3rd party apps from my twitter?Coz the mainstream way ain't working.		0
I'd love to go skiing again this year 🏂		0
I love Anna. 👭		0
Gonna stay in a good mood though because I don't want J to suffer too		0
theres only certain people that can cheer me up.		0
,im not being mean ,,,i swear ,im cool		0
People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.		0
The only time I listen to slow songs is when my girl play em otp other than that its straight chief keef.		0
Hey guys stop being such bullies		0
I really can't stay in here any longer.		0
I want to tweet something but i don't know what to tweet so this is it :):):)		0
Shoulder surgery soon whoo hoo		0
Responsibilities &amp; marijuana go hand in hand		0
All these bitches is my sonsss		0
Locked out my room 😒 Oh Joy		0
All classes and meetings have been cancelled for tonight. Please stay safe and warm and check on the elderly		0
About to bash some chuck e cheese lol		0
I think I forgot to read for class today		0
I use to fill like I had a point to prove to mfs fa wat tho?		0
What's good young world!!		0
That moment when you realize that you’re actually in love.		0
I need more followers		0
So annoying when people reply sloww 😴		0
Counting down the days to what???I don't know always nice to just watch time tick cause good days sure will be calling soon		0
except with the one that she has special feeling too, and or they dont make judgements to		0
So hurt I've waited this long to get my permit 😭		0
Purdue shooting victim was teaching assistant		0
I don't think I'll ever learn to be patient lool		0
finally varone gets a shot.		0
Last chance to get in on TAG! :) You and your tagee could win a pair of JBs! (See wall for details)		0
Someone swipe me! Please, k? :)		0
I have to let it fuel my fire.		0
happy happy bunny right now		0
I wanna save you heart tonight :3		0
NLF secures court order compelling deposition of homeowner where 23 ppl registered in Weslaco city elections.		0
This is so fuckin annoyin.		0
When babe picked me up today in the hallway. 😍😫🙌💦		0
Omg Sherlocks face when Watson tells him that she slept with Mycroft 😂😂		0
Ppl*you look cold ?* me; no shit im shaking!!**		0
Y u follow people for me twitta		0
Crush: "Who do you like?" Me: *You you you!* "No one".		0
September holiday booked whoop!		0
Most people would rather get than give affection.		0
Can I hit in the morning		0
Got my wedding datee!!!:) sept 19, 2015 !!! Eekkkk		0
I literally vomited at the thought of being in class with a bunch of hard f's. Today is literally me eye rolling at everything		0
If you wear Ohio state stuff on campus at UC, just know that I'm holding back the urge to punch you in the face		0
Where is my fam en		0
Been up since 6am running around knowing damn well I gotta work tonight		0
Good ni8 tweeps :) sleep well		0
…&amp; that Ustream bullshit ain't Battle Rap Arena, point blank!		0
Police are the biggest hypocrites of all.fact.		0
I have the best boyfriend in the whole world.		0
I needed somewhere to hang my head, without your noose.		0
My philosophy teacher is so chill. 👌		0
de gea rafael evans smalling buttner carrick fletcher kagawa valencia januzaj welbeck		0
"I'll cut you like a fish!"		0
the frozen soundtracks bring me to tears. everytime. LET IT GO. don't be scared to be YOU.		0
I hate not being at school sometimes , I'm bored asf 😂😂😂😫		0
I want a tall glass of water with lots of ice		0
So this corrections officer is gay and a singer I'm so confused by this one		0
So, it's Wednesday already. Leave work a little early today so you can pick up something delicious to eat and maybe some vino.		0
Love my best friend 💛😘		0
1:50 needs to hurry up		0
Picking my car new car up on saturday!! BOOM! 🚗🚕🚦⛽️		0
Couldnt afford a car so she named her daughter alexis		0
When certain ppl tweet about what they dislike about someone. Sometimes I be thinking "Stop talking about yourself" 😒		0
hold tf up; this bitch just said the p word.		0
What's up billboard brow?		0
Out with Charlie again tomorrow gonna be such a laugh :L		0
payback a mf ! he deserve it !		0
I wish I had a credit card anonymously sent to me so I spend whatever I want... forever w/out owing anything back....lol		0
so grateful that Jesse is my lab instructor again 🙌		0
Two days until the mocking jay surprise👌		0
The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming. 👌		0
I really hate wearing a coat; I just wish my body would adapt to the cold weather, like Darwin said it would		0
Spurs and Pacers Nba Finals.		0
Thinking about letting J play tball 😁		0
Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others doesn't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.		0
Ain't nothin in the world like a souther girl 😏		0
The way you'd play with me like a child		0
She's needing to get out that relationship like.. I'd run at him with a knife &amp; black bag him!!! 😵😡		0
Like i actually hit him		0
"The blonde girl in the powder blue beanie outside Stroz at like 1 today. I enjoyed our eye sex. You're an angel"		0
... or not. The family have just arrived home. 'Daaadddddd'. *Closes browser*		0
Why does my twitter tell me when other people have favourited someone else's tweet, I don't want to know thanks👋		0
Lol white girls tellin they body count on family fued!!!!		0
Flip gram is so gay. Everything goes why to fast. No point of it. Lol		0
Part of me miss u but a part of me saying fuck u nd your feeling		0
All star votin finito. I think I did my part 😊		0
Done with all finals for the semester. Time to go win some money at ho-chunk		0
back to dip dye hair tomorrow and brows done woo		0
why do people define their policies, religions, culture...by dissing someone else's. Why not just talk about your thing then shooosh		0
Those sad moments when you see something you LOVE but can't afford		0
I remember when Steve Burton refused to do love scenes like this and didn't take his shirt off.		0
I obliterated that word from my vocabulary. ✋		0
Half moon run are 👌👌👌		0
such a shit day 😭		0
Voldemort's parents took the "I got your nose" game a little too seriously.		0
Oh what a difference a year makes....		0
It's nothing when somebody walk out my life. It might hurt, but im pretty used to it.		0
Maddie rung me crying🙈 awrh she's adorable 🙈🙈		0
Could we figure out a way to get through a week without a gas leak around		0
I remember the first time I rode with Cody all he played was gates music cuz he knew how much I liked him 😂😂		0
I don't want easy, I want crazy		0
Defeats the purpose of makin a appointment if u still gotta wait three hours		0
My poor baby .		0
Krispy kreme sounds amazing right now		0
You can make a plain dress sassy just add accessories		0
Im standing at my locker eating an apple skipping class		0
Ay I need less friends... more bread, less talk... more head		0
Just bet Paul at fifa lol		0
Self's advice to Wiggins: "You don't need to be the next somebody else, you need to be the first Andrew." 👏		0
Prayers for everyone at OU and the TCU basketball team up there		0
Pride and honor mean these days..		0
My moms leaving for the Philippines today :"(		0
As much as I hate him, birdman's dunk was so nice		0
Applesauce for dinner again tonight		0
workaholics marathon on comedy central		0
Literally waiting outside Taco Bell until happy hour starts		0
I dnt even use it and it dies all quick		0
Why am I wrong for wanting assurance?		0
You can do better, you don’t deserve to be treated the way he treats you.		0
Seeing The Defiled and Being As An Ocean in the same week tho so all is good		0
When and if I make it ........ Don't dick eat 😑 if you weren't there for my struggle 👌		0
🎼 I FEEL YOUR LOVE, reflection, mitsumo kaesu hitomi ni, egaite harukana NEVER EEEEENDING STORYYYYYYY 🎵🎶 God I love this song		0
They Mine As Well Give Us Off 2M Too		0
youssef is a fag		0
I have the funniest brother!		0
Just pre-ordered Little Mix's new album! 😃		0
I love having this whitish hair,But i do miss my colorful hair		0
This MATA saga is driving me crazy! Dont want any exchange. No rooney. No persie. No fucking one.		0
Oomf reminds me of oomf kinda weirdd		0
My main thoughts are: "when can i get food" and "when can i go home"		0
Ohioans complain too much about the weather. I love my home. If it's cold, wear a hat and gloves.		0
Gotta say, I'm in such a better place than i was the past couple days.		0
Who played Wendy in the real version of Peter Pan bc she's so pretty goodbye		0
Some people swear theyre on some high power type shit. Just because something sounds intricate doesn't mean its correct.		0
Project delayed will be up this weekend!		0
You've pushed me so far past my limits that I'm already on my way back!		0
Never give up on someone who means so much to you.		0
The application deadline for the Stanford Executive Program is April 30, 2014. Hope to see you here!		0
Can I just graduate please		0
Wisdom tooth pain can DO ONE! OWWWWWW 😖		0
I hate it when people randomly change.		0
NHS meetings after school always ruin my day.. I don't wanna sit there for like 45 mins &amp; barely get anything done 😒		0
Man I want her so bad!!!! And she know it to 💙💚❤💗		0
Lalu Vicky menjawab. "Hi Nanda,you are the smart guy,smart friend,and smartphone."		0
You're only as important to me as I let you be		0
This the second snow storm we done had and I still ain't buy a shovel. I'm gone learn one day lol.		0
You ''look good'' and u are ''good looking'' oh want to be one		0
Why are you being nice😡😒		0
If there is one thing i learnt from a black man this past years,is being a slave for now and a president later		0
Pointed out that Norens gray pants match his hair and he defended himself by saying the ladies love his gray hair. Can't argue with that 😉🙊		0
Those type of people that you just want to smack in the face... With a bat		0
Sin is very costly with enormous price tag-who can afford it?		0
Well that just made my day:)		0
yay we finally saved up enough to get a blunt of Reggie		0
The only perk with this classroom is that it is so close to the Timmies.		0
with what seemed like a solution. So wherever we were moving, I assumed it was somewhere safe and somewhere the pack were happy with. As ~		0
I swear listening to Elizabeth Tan's cover songs is just awesome right now. She's just perfect ♥		0
Love to see this 2 things trending!! god bless those people marching in the cold weather today.		0
dat time i shot a locomotive from my car while speeding down a highway in Colorado.		0
I need to go to the mall after I leave Coppin		0
Sheesh... It was a lot colder than I anticipated. These long sleeves aren't cutting it.		0
'Maybe I wake up someday to the notice that all my life were just a dream'		0
She needs me but I know they need me to. So god give me the strength to do what you created me to do		0
Sharing is caring :)		0
Only productive thing I've done today was apply for 4 scholarships hah		0
Complete the sentence: "My dream hen party would involve…”		0
Why am I so sick		0
It's better to let someone walk away from you than walk all over you.		0
I gotta stop allowing MD to have so much control		0
Its SOOOO cold in the D! Damn!		0
Chip Kelly recruited from Texas for a reason. TALENT. It's my goal 2 find some good 1's 4 the baseball program. Just wait &amp; see Wasikowski!		0
What Radio Station do you listen to the most?		0
The folly of meta-narrative is irrelevant, if we have the persistent policy of keeping these outfits (LeJ,SSP, good Taliban) as assets.		0
Question of the Day ........ What's your theme song?		0
Quizup has ruined my (battery)life		0
When we had the hall pass, told my teacher I had to pee, but really I jus wanted to swag.		0
"Your vacuum sucks bro" ~Armenian maid		0
"Trademark of PPP &amp; PMLN is to remain totally incompetent, morally &amp; intellectually bankrupt &amp; blame PTI 24/7 for "bad manners" on twitter.		0
Something about Miley Cyrus is soo sexyy		0
I only got one exam tomorrow 🙌		0
Well, now we know OU is prepared. Thankful for such a quick response!		0
Disney movies, watched by: 15 % kids 85 % teenagers		0
Blessings sometimes show up in unrecognizable disguises!		0
High schoolers are like 'it rained so we got out of school!' While us in college are trudging through the snow thinking 'This is bullshit!!'		0
Everyone: Are u okay Everyone: You look tired Everyone: Your eyes are red Everyone: You look confused Me: I'm high, I'm chillin		0
Baby d is sleeping now to get this workout in before she wakes up.		0
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.		0
Ooo got plans now		0
Tumblr is getting made		0
		0
50 degrees outside, 90 degrees inside the commons. What. The. Fuck.		0
I respect silence, something not many people seem to do		0
What the hell am i doing here??????? i don't belong hereeeeeeeee		0
I want breakfast in bed now or at least once in my life		0
All my pride is all I haveeeee, pride is what you had babygirl I'm what you have		0
I seriously need to punch this person in the face right now 👊		0
My mom just told me I should go tanning before we go to Jamaica because I'm so pale 🙈😂		0
I'll never understand why people put so much money into there Hondas.......no matter what you do it's always going to be a pice of shit.		0
Tallulahs Mother &gt; "Was shocked by the ease with which Tallulah and other children can access online self-harm and suicide blogs"		0
95 on my french midterm!!		0
Parking is such a bitch downtown. I have circled the block 4 times hoping I spot would open. Still hasn't...		0
We finalize all group line-ups after Round 1 entries have been uploaded, so you're free to make changes until then.		0
"life - an unsolved mystery"		0
Where's me jumpa x74		0
cortney texted me 'fuck yourself' nd i didnt save her number i thought i was being cyber bullyed		0
Those same words should push you into your destiny &amp; those same people would become your footstool 😚🙌💜		0
Suggestions for best abs for prom please!!		0
Can't contain my excitement for Polar Bear		0
Kaitlyn is making me laugh SOO Hard OMG		0
Well I just picked up another day at work! So there's that.		0
Ice cubes lyrics always spoke true shit		0
Experience The Darrow Difference		0
Remember that EMILY killed a Man :)		0
I'm just the best at abandoning friends.		0
Phone is so close to it's grave that I had to choose which apps to send to their death... I'm left with Twitter and Insta		0
Never gonna forget that cross Mata whipped in the box for Drogba to score in the final..		0
got me one russian chick and two german whips. all about that		0
This day have been the worst day ever		0
Man it seems like the mo love u show a nigga. When y'all fall out you be like damn did I know this nigga??		0
Thank you all for the mentions and retweets. Your the best friends one could have. Thank you!		0
Getting this resume together 👌		0
Bitch Not meee 😂😂		0
Might just be the only one that doesn't want mata		0
Man Utd team v Sunderland - de GEAR; rafael, SMALLing, eVANs, BUTTner; januzaj, CARrick, FLIRTcher, kagawa; WELLbeck, CHEEKarito		0
today is just not gonna be my day. can people just not get on my nerves for two seconds? kthanks.		0
all of me loves all of you		0
Ready to get our baseball stuff today!!!		0
Hate nosey ass people 😤		0
No more feelings... Feeling so barren! I don't know what to do anymore!		0
Let me be me....I ain't arguing for much		0
It's kind of weird being done with my day at 2 because now i have nothing to do while all of my friends are in class		0
Rough morning tougher after noon		0
With me it is important to remember at age 18 I wrote a satire for my college application essay.		0
I'm a angel in a demon desgise so even tho im on that hot shit im still workin for God		0
[BOT] Everything will be good as long as you do your best. Because if you do, there will be no regrets - tiffany		0
U will know about all my scars, inside and outside of me.		0
Tired Hurt Exhausted And finally... I wanna die.		0
Just watched a car slam into the back of another car 🙈🙈		0
Guys, it doesn't matter if you weren't her first, as long as you're her last.		0
Corrie's going to depress me😢		0
It's been such a long, miserable draining few days 😞		0
Love having people to talk to...		0
Our only alone time/date night and FBIL is making T get fitted for his suit for the wedding. Not his fault but I'm so upset:(		0
$he $ay LowKey, Bless This Pussy Pretty Please!		0
Same 4 renewable energy, advances in tech, better quality of life 4 ALL, &amp; more. Not profitable, doesnt happen, even if possible/beneficial		0
This last class is about to be the longest 50 min of my life fool...		0
Sweet Love never gets old 🎶😏		0
Nj I went for a jog and near passed out		0
Missed my appointment with my financial advisor, now I'm lost as fuck in Manhattan Beach.. Might as well walk around &amp; enjoy it		0
Are you a reviewer? Is your book review list running low? I'm looking for some honest reviewers willing to review my work. If interested,...		0
Oh hell no there's another Kyle Andersen in my class. Too bad he's the ugly one!		0
Ima godfather im hype!!!!!!		0
Can it just be Saturday now?!?! I'm so excited to move into my new apartment! 😁😁😁😁		0
omg seriously shut up. Everything you say is stupid.		0
I miss you and your silly random texts.		0
I wanna go home &amp; sleep		0
This beeswax is working wonders on my hair, shame it smells so much like crayons.		0
“Our errors in theology are rooted in our pride and our slothfulness.” R C Sproul		0
Looks like a 3am workout tomorrow. Consistency beats convenience.		0
If Mata is sold to Man Utd, irritated will be an understatement!		0
I can't be in this school anymore I can't handle it		0
Why would you do that😂😂😂😷😷		0
I want cute goodmorning texts to wake up to but im usually up before them ao it doesnt work out very well		0
Been avoiding Coronation Street all week because of Hayley passing away, can't avoid it any longer		0
do u ever take a good pic of urself and use it for everything &amp; then look at it one day and ur like omg this is actually the worst pic ever		0
Ahhh, small towns. This guy walked in with a facial structure similar two guys I knew in school; turns out he's their father...		0
She looks like bitch pretty		0
it's only 1 😳		0
Love me or hate me I still pray for you and your happiness. ..everyone I've come in contact with.		0
Staying in bed all day sounds perfect		0
I woke up and everybody was gone		0
I was told that the average girl sleeps with only 4 guys before she gets married.		0
Frozen minds and frozen hearts, it's more than life, pick up the peaces and do it right •		0
£50 later and i know why I don't go shopping when I'm tired and apathetic.		0
Alyssa and I had a normal girl say that were a cute couple :)		0
Police, Rangers attack on Sit-in protests in Clifton &amp; NathaKhan areas. 6 protesters detained.		0
So for Anthropology of Sex seems interesting. Glad I picked this class lol👌		0
Convocation was cool. Went with a friend. Glad it's over .		0
Sonic thinks they're clever calling smoothies "cream slushes" ... I think they're just difficult		0
PSA: Use your personal email address in your gitconfig. Your commit history shouldn't be tied to an account that could get deleted or traded		0
Feeling excited about my new simulation job starting soon. Very inspired! Finally get to be creative.		0
Can we talk for a minute?		0
I'm ALWAYS nice to everyone, even if I hate you or don't know you, so don't think I'm in love with you if I tried to help.		0
They made us hate ourself, &amp; love their wealth		0
Is it the 1st of Feb yet? I NEED a drink a sap 😱		0
I just wanna get this over with .		0
My sign class is going to be awesome.		0
Time to shave my grizzly Adams like beard that took me 5 months tto grow		0
WHY HAVE YOU WASHED THE GLASS, FFS?!		0
School is so much more fun when you run into the cutest boy in Wisconsin daily.		0
I have two laptops, and I take the lighter of the two to school but today I brought the wrong charger :(		0
Aspirin &amp; ibuprofen can increase chances for bruising when getting Swear off the meds for a few days prior to treatment if you can!		0
Oii fuck right off 😭		0
For The Next Half An Hour Its Bricks On Me, FREE BRICKS.!		0
Nothing has gone right this past month		0
Today's note: Norwegian is funny and weird.		0
Marketing major? Or 5th grader? Who knows?		0
World Cup Mania is growing at Pack's where we have the matches covered! Look forward to Levante vs. Barcelona at 4pm!		0
I wish I could give my life a meaning..		0
Retweet If Your A 90's Baby		0
I seriously hate online classes..		0
learn to love yourself		0
Follow me on instaaaaa- seleeenaaa 😁		0
Carmen Dior x Never End 💏💑👰🎩💍		0
Be fearless when it comes to life, and careless when it comes to what people say and think about you.		0
Fucksakelads will be missed		0
Nku's courts are NEVER clean		0
srsly aria ezra over jake have u seen him		0
out of my element everywhere but the barn.		0
A little time with you is all that I get. But thats okay because its all I can take		0
I can't wait for Friday is fucking payday		0
We need you here!!! lol		0
'Why are you trying to poison my mind with your poisonous poison'		0
smoke weed &amp; then eat pizza 🍕		0
Not afraid to admit that I have a slight obsession with Criminal Minds		0
I personally know someone who works at Seaworld and has for 10+ years. I've been behind the scenes of Seaworld..they aren't cruel.		0
I wore a poncho to a Hillary Duff concert and then got food poisoning.		0
Don't believe what they tell you, don't believe what they say		0
No, dearie, I'm using the second person plural. I don't mean you personally. Jeez!		0
Life is trial and error. Every relationship is not meant to work; sometimes you're just meant to learn the lesson."		0
Go ahead and sigh. I have no filter		0
Did i really just dropped my phone on my salad		0
tonite 🏀🏀🏀		0
Rooneys a whinny little ogre, piss off to France you'll fit in there		0
Also accidentally blatantly did a double take on a cross dresser and he/she looked very insulted IM SORRY		0
This Shit Dont Make No Sense		0
who's tryna go to bdubs		0
Winter makes me wanna jump into a pool of lotion		0
yeah I get pissed at slow walkers on a normal day but when it's this cold you need to get ur ass moving👏👏👏		0
I don't want a perfect relationship. I just want someone who I can act silly with, someone who treats me well and loves being with me.		0
Twitter you bore me sometimes.		0
OMG the new University Student Union is amazing.		0
Even a paralyzed nigga gotta feel me		0
Really getting sick of people calling me a copy cat. Why the fuck would I do anything to please anyone else.		0
bored of cooking and eating on my own, need a boyfriend so that I can cook for him 👌		0
Alive in us your light shines through; with every act of love, we bring the kingdom come. 🌟💫		0
The house is so quiet and I've gotten so much done. And it's only 1pm.		0
I know Booth was sad, but I was so happy when Hannah &amp; him broke up. 💀		0
Humans have cultivated for over 2000 years.		0
Who trynna make my day though?		0
Just Great .... What "O."		0
Launched food at the tv cos Patrick makes me angry!		0
Ikno what you like baby I'm your prescription		0
This classroom is like an igloo.		0
after many attempts i finally changed my crew emblem on gta v		0
If its me dont worry i still miss you		0
►I’m in love with people I’ve never met. ♥♥♥		0
No emerdale tonight im kicking off man		0
Pipeline Hawaii is out of control big.. 25 to 30ft. That's 5 to 6 time overhead.. And an occasional 35ft wave rolls in..		0
today turning out to be a really good day 😁		0
Make you feel some type of way		0
This menu though... O.o		0
economics-&gt; 👂 -&gt; 👂-&gt; economics		0
Set a limit, so that your feelings don't overpower your mind.		0
Which I don't but that's my go to lie lmao 😂😂		0
I love watching tattoo nightmares		0
What's with leaving your house feeling like you're 💃then getting somewhere and catching a glimpse in a mirror and seeing 🗿ugh I'm over it		0
cream cheese or butter on a bagel		0
This is the worst day ever. I'm sick and then I see tw news. They are going there own ways for a while. FUCK THAT		0
Sick of being the one to always make the effort with certain people. It's your turn now, I have had enough!		0
Our children smile because we smile. When they're happy, we could fly. And we love them more than ourselves because THEY ARE LOVE.		0
"You have a cavity, you need to cut back on sugar." "ok" *goes to Taco Bell and gets Cinnabon delights*		0
Volvic touch strawberry water is soo peng		0
Ion play that shit! I swear I wanna go off in his shit so bad bruh 😡😡😡😡		0
Too many bitchy people about		0
Talking about dreams? HAHA they laugh.		0
Damm this day is dragging ass		0
I'm constantly running into shit on my house that I know is there. That has been there. UGHH		0
Proper need me hair cut		0
I'm more than high 💯		0
Don't forget that we have Bible classes for all ages at 7pm tonight!!		0
my online personality is 0% like my real one, literally if you don't know me have fun trying to get me to speak		0
The only thing I can contribute to a conversation about cars is the price and colour		0
Don't ask my opinion on something and then get mad when I give it to you, simple bitch		0
corros on best get me kleenex out		0
I've came to accept that no one will ever understand my lingo		0
My card for Lauren is so bloody cute		0
Hermes belts wit the H cost $1200. If yours is real you should never be broke and you should never need a ride somewhere.		0
right place, wrong time		0
Having to cough every minute is actually embarrassing.		0
It's hard to want to start doing something but having no motivation to do it		0
What the fuck did Burak do?		0
Actually disgusted and appalled that we've sold our best player to a league rival. Yes, he's not getting enough game time, but to United?		0
fellatios is taken I CANT BELIEVE		0
I want my first marriage to be my only marriage.		0
What'll matter is not what u bought but what u built; not what u got but what u gave.		0
Only got like 2 hours of sleep, if that.. 😾💤💤		0
the fact that I have lunch with Jaker means that it's gonna be a good semester.		0
I'll see you at the top. You can quote me on this one.		0
set my alarm for 0640 this morning to go for a run. decided not to go after waking up at just past midnight, thinking I'd overslept		0
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. O.Wilde		0
Not with all that extra bs👉👉👉👉		0
Out city place. Downtown silver spring.		0
I wish my mum would just randomly make me tea		0
When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.		0
I bet 99% of the kids taking Mr. O'Mera 108 word vocab final are going to fail miserably		0
My mom is tryna make me go to the hospital but I ain't tryna go 😔		0
I need some that will actually like my pics...		0
michael del zotto is gone &lt;3		0
I swear on everything i hate the dentist		0
Just wanna workout and play some soccerrr		0
Its def a small world in the army. I keep running into old college friends and teachers.		0
I don't careee, I love ittt		0
Wouldn't say those things about someone u cared about		0
I'm nothing without Dave:/		0
Sometimes Mourinho's ego is just too big, why sell your best player 2 years running to your biggest rival		0
I wish I could run today at the PA meet, but I'm not 100% right now. I wish all of you racing today the best of luck! I'll be cheering :D		0
Standing on the 3rd floor lobby of Ram next to an open window screaming "I HAVE A MESSAGE FEOM GOD!" at people walking. Im bored.		0
When you have someone special in your life, don't ruin it by making stupid decisions.		0
My school is overpopulated with idiots.		0
Can someone come see me as it's not safe for me to leave my house		0
Fav. quote from SleppyHollow finale; Abby to Jenny "I need you to have faith. Jenny "I dont need faith. Im a mental patient with a gun"		0
I stay impressing people in my art class		0
I have been accepted onto my course really happy about that😄😄😀☺️😉😉😋😋😋😋😄😄😀😀😄😄😄😃😃😃😀😀		0
I haven't felt 'Love' in a long time.		0
Never put yourself in a situation, where you are not sure of where you stand in a persons life.		0
Curly hair don't care. 💁		0
I'm ready for baseball games, hot dogs, and seeds. Can't come fast enough!		0
Some guy just rang my doorbell twice but neither me nor my brother know who it is so we're not answering the door 		0
It's gonna be hard to keep this full time job and still go to school		0
First day of regular psychology and we are watching Mean Girls		0
The Michigan Wolverines take on the Iowa Hawkeyes tonight! Will Michigan stay 5-0 in the Big Ten?		0
50 seconds of planking today... How I'm going to make it to 5mins before March is beyond me! x		0
well atleast it sounded like SOMETHING		0
First week of school; "I'm gonna try really hard this year!" Second week of school; "Whatever."		0
Well this brings back feelings...I found your bracelet.		0
Seeing new players in Yankee uniforms always gives me the chills 😍		0
The big sister doesn't come out of me. If you are horrible to my girls, you best believe Momma Bear is coming out. And it's wayyyy worse.		0
Praying the reports of Mata to transfer fee being agreed upon is true		0
I can't believe I have Saturday and Sunday off again 😊 god is great mah nigga		0
75% off select merchandise at CC's! We have tumblers and coffee mugs as low as $2.50!! Stop in and stock up for gifts while supplies last.		0
haven't seen a ref this bad in a while....		0
English exams really go good with music		0
I promise to let you go before I fuck up		0
Tyler you are a Hero, and I will never forget you		0
jay-z's upcoming album entitled "BASQUIAT ANDY WARHOL I LIKE ART BUT IM A THUG DUCHAMP MAN RAY FRIDA KAHLO NO HOMO"		0
He's my MCM for lifey 😂😭😂		0
I'll pay someone to do my chem online class 💸		0
I need to get up and do my hair		0
Some folks like the slow lane me?		0
Pride won't let me show it		0
there is nothing better than watching workaholics all morning		0
Whenever I hear the song Pretty Woman, all I see is Harry &amp; Lloyd getting their nose hairs trimmed, bowl cuts and Lloyd in the orange tux.		0
But on the upside, everything always gets done.👌		0
The Yankees have spent almost 500 million dollars this offseason. 😑		0
Shinya is not bad on the djembe. What a modest guy!		0
Use full capitalization for heading and company names only.		0
I get put in charge of the small things so Steve doesn't have to deal with them. Now I understand his headache...		0
What to do this Saturday?		0
Everything is going to be okay.		0
"Lacks great physical stature, strength, mobility, and ability to avoid rush, system type easily exposed. But we forgot about his heart"		0
I deserve to be happy!		0
Family members with the worst past always wanna put they two cents in.		0
Why do we take all these notes and never use them😳		0
Just found a Cheech &amp; Chong and live version of Free Bird by Lynyrd Skynyrd in my moms old 45s. I have the coolest parents ever.		0
I want sleep I want sleep I want sleep I want sleep I want sleep I want sleep ☹		0
Update: Last nights episode was the most watched since 2010. Dayumm! - Loki, The Trickster		0
Do we have school on Friday??		0
Its so hard for me to put my trust in someone else.. I just can't		0
Oh. My. God. BAP announced tour after comeback wtf mannn		0
So hopefully I'll be able to prove it better this time		0
Just bought my first ever drink from Starbucks.		0
They crack me up! Bahahaaa 😂😂😂		0
ATTACK OF KILLER TOMATOOOOOOOS. BOOOOM BOOOM POW BANG BANG BAAANG		0
Deliver me from this wasteland. Deliver me from being alone.		0
saturday needs to hurry up 🙌😏		0
We just did a final and now you assign more work what the fuck is wrong with you		0
I think it's so cute when guys show the girl off on insta lol		0
It's cold af in Durham, NC		0
Feels great to be done with exams		0
I'm an asshole l o l		0
It's good for the soul........		0
Going to get Ellie the best birthday present 😏		0
but I saw through it like a wet shirt		0
Nigga don't tell me what niggas say about me, tell me why the feel comfortable telling you!		0
I'm the only sophomore out of 10 juniors in my college class and the rest are college students .-.		0
Don't understand why Maxine is still with Patrick, abuse in relationships isn't acceptable and she should have left him ages ago		0
Holy shit can't believe the financials of a first year employee with this company. So hyped		0
Hey, it's cold out!! Who wants to cuddle?? : )		0
I'm like never in twitter		0
"Someone's bad day does not have to be yours -Wendy"		0
Picking my nose can kill me my bio prof. said.		0
4 days to go until Breaking Betsy hasn't told her husband she's leaving yet! Don't miss the brand new series Sunday 9pm.		0
yay for da chiropractor		0
People would be surprised to know how much I learned about prayer from playing poker – Mary Austin		0
Haven't got a car till Wednesday 😥😥		0
My Goodmorning Message &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; He Just Made My Day :)) i ♡ MY boy		0
Can't wait for February and March 😏		0
When people hashtag 'pretty' on there Instagram pictures, lol or not babe		0
Will people please stop asking me if I'm ok. Obiviously I'm not. So just leave me alone.		0
Calculus makes me feel tired.		0
i like girls who like girls. i likem in pairs		0
If you wanna get the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain" -fortune cookie		0
Except I went fishing and I kept seeing a bunch of horseshoe crab and they scare me and one touched my foot and I screamed		0
Are you planning your Burns Night celebrations for Sat? We'll be doing some specials to suit the occasion! Call us to book: 0141 553 2470		0
(I only use shortened words to save on tweet length, which I find ridiculous…)		0
Is it cold outside guys?		0
I hate school so much		0
It only gets easier from here		0
I've lost 5 times, almost all in a row.		0
Tuhhh, He My Cousin 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂👍 And You Knew This 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃		0
The thing is though what if Scooter has dropped them and they don't come back because they realize its better doing what they want? Fuck :'(		0
Besides seeing my girl. I love going to Indy for white castle. Yeah I'm fat. So what.		0
If it's meant to be, it will be.		0
Fashion show due Friday! (Happy snow day) Dont forget to complete the worksheet with demonstrative adjectives for tomorrow		0
If it still hurts, you still care.		0
God has a plan. Trust it, live it, enjoy it.		0
tell me how you love that, number one can't put nothing above that		0
I then rewarded myself by buying two books...and shampoo...but the books are more exciting!		0
why do i always get creepy guys flirting with me i don't need this i'm gay		0
Need something to wake me up		0
tell me, what's the difference between love &amp; other drugs?		0
It's too cold for life		0
Your being a Bumlick 😂		0
Don't measure my intelligence from my GPA, and my happiness from my possessions.		0
Little do you knowww 😏		0
Sent a ;) to my tutor my accident! I have to see him in an hour and a half. 😭		0
Be honest, did you ever mention my name? Did you get sick of the shame? Did you lie on your back like a WHORE? 🎶		0
HAPPY HOUR ! From 11:30 - 6pm $4.50 hi balls and draft! $4 Big Rock (grasshopper/trad) $4.50 Jack Daniels!!		0
Having a nap because I only had 14 hours sleep last night.... 💁		0
Our generation is seriously twisted. Everybody so caught up in the hype of this fake reality. Where's the wisdom.?		0
Really wanna go see Endless Love		0
April 17 come already.		0
Do little kids still go outside and play in the snow or do they just sit inside watching tv and learn how to twerk all day?		0
I really need Advil and nap		0
Bald eagle flying above jimmy john's in the Grove! cool		0
a baby doll kids like dolls		0
I'm a little weird, but weird can be fun.		0
All I know is somebody better send an email to clear this shit up		0
Check out my professional profile and connect with me on LinkedInpEL8Dqs		0
Bankruptcy should only be allowed to file under specific circumstances. I wasted away my millions shouldn't be a reason		0
Seems a while since I was last paid roll on the 31st and three weeks of the high life followed by a week of be a s on toast ;-)		0
Always the first back		0
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.		0
Time to put in more work to help out my boys.		0
Bout to Make this Change.....		0
U r so fixated on Richard Sherman, u r not talking about Champ		0
Anyone wanna scrim? E sports rules. Xbox 360 4v4 Hit me up		0
This town is colder now, I think it's sick of us.		0
Quitting smoking bud &amp; cigs, cold turkey		0
If two people are meant to be together, they will eventually find their way back into each other's arms, no matter what.		0
Me re cope con. Story of my life. Que tema piolaaa!		0
I am the writer. You are the words. Submit to me or die. *hovers finger menacingly over delete button*		0
I recently started watching and it's awesome.		0
How can and why should you ever let Mata leave for Man U??????? What are they smoking at the bridge		0
If they don't fight for you, they're not right for you.		0
Some guy kept looking at me on the Circle line - very strange occurrence		0
Quick, someone convince me to skip class		0
Got me in a daze		0
Hey Hi Tweeps :)		0
Tired of me being sick every other day .		0
My birthdays less than 2 weeks away. 😏		0
life's a game made for everyone &amp; love is a prize		0
Mata would be a great addition. If we had any sense we'd also bid and ship out Holtby &amp; Capoue to fund it. This will of course never happen		0
It's so cold outside, the weed dealers on Church street have decided to work from home for the remainder of the week.		0
I like being independent Not so much of an investment.		0
Chatted with a stranger while waiting in line, realized I said enough that he could find me on social media if he wanted to. Life is creepy.		0
I think a lot, but I don't say much.		0
Every storm runs out of rain		0
Never enough hours in a day 💀		0
Yaya getting my backyard cleaned up. My dog not so happy she's barking picking up kids soon.		0
Richard Sherman's rant made CNN wtf??? They slandering this man smh i thought CNN was for important news		0
Intervals are not apaning for the musical theater department		0
Lol, I don't even know what that means but it sounds like something you'd see on instagram		0
*He stops shooting and breathes heavily* Fucking monsters...		0
I need to do something productive		0
weekend: *saturday morning* *blinks* *sunday night* school: *1:35pm* *blinks* *1:34pm*		0
In the end... you turn out to be someone who you promised you wouldn't.		0
can never decide is someone is just really nice or really fake		0
The only thing I have expensive taste in is food		0
I've said it before, But I mean it this time Writing a blog post.		0
I just sat down in this class and I'm ready to leave already!!! 😩		0
i cant be on twotter anymore it makes me cry even more		0
I want to apologize to u guys that didn't unfollow me after getting hacked Sunday.. Idk what all went to who, but I'm sorry.		0
Computer low on memory wtf		0
I hate being sleepy 😒		0
Tonight 10.30pm, we have a totally original idea for a show: remote archipelago mp3s...		0
Actually I think one less Quentin Tarantino movie in the world is probably a good thing.		0
I'm on a money makin mission💴💰💸		0
My plan is in action 😏		0
If you gave me a chance i would take it, it's a shot in the dark but ill make it 🎵🎵		0
If you don't have nothing good to say i say Good Day 👊		0
People are fucking nuts.		0
Didn't expect anything less from you 😔		0
She fucking let the head go back....		0
Better start planning my Dads 50th suprise camouflage party		0
C'mon Hardy! You gotta be smarter than that!		0
Best feeling ever : Waking up and seeing you still have a couple hours to sleep.		0
Chrome hack lets websites keep listening after you close the tab		0
This drooling is becoming a problem.		0
You don't understand how many people hate you 😂		0
Every time I go to get a hair cut at the Arabs, they always fuck up 😡		0
Lol just hypothetically speaking that's all		0
I can't do this x.x		0
That family shit don't mean shit, if you snitch get stitched		0
Such a smart move from Jose selling mata		0
Then again all my classes are bc I'm a nerd and I love science		0
Aghhhh best news ever!!!!!!		0
Had a dream I moved to brazil and then went on holiday to australia and hawaii ☀		0
What's ma b, av got no p menn..		0
Its funny how black women run my daughters daycare but all the children there are mexican😂😂		0
is here, time for a new from Surfboards! and are all in stock! -...		0
How do I position league to be kind of league it is today 30 years from now? Hence addition of TAMU &amp; Mizzou - SEC commish Mike Slive		0
Today has to be the worst day ever 😰		0
Her attitude is based on how YOU treat her.		0
I'm so hungry I could eat my business calculus book but it costs as much a fancy dinner somewhere fancy. Maybe I'll trade for food?		0
"Just think of it as the land of 24 hour bong rips." My western humanities teacher talking about eating lotus flowers. 😂👏👍		0
Respect people relationship if you expect other people to respect yours.		0
Oomf should probably hmu 😏✨💕👍		0
I can't help but laugh sometimes, it's not like I'm trying to be defensive, I just have a dark humor.		0
Seriously though Leonardo dicaprio snorts coke out a hookers arse.		0
We all have two choices. We can make a living or design a life.		0
Now we are just strangers with memories		0
Got ultimate team on my ipad🙊		0
Props to those who can be mothers and Premeds! Because me...I just can't! This week has been stressful!		0
my life as a stepping stone.		0
"I don't want to have sex with you for a while, I don't want to impregnate the baby inside you" wut.....		0
Some super sassy black lady just called me and asked if I was "lorenzo savage". Is that a good omen?		0
Its been 4 days and ive lost 9 pounds woooo!!!		0
Like do you wake up "fuck Brittany boring" then weeks later "actually... She's cool I fuck with her.."		0
My nigga what you cookin G		0
Got 4 solid cuts from art today and I'm just proud the blood didn't make me pass out		0
Why would we trade Del zotto stupid fucks		0
P.s I love you💕		0
I just really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really like you		0
Some times I just wanna punch you in the face, with a brick 4 times.		0
Thinking about going to Pullman this weekend. Is it going to be live?		0
I need a McFlurry		0
On the outside I'm freezing but inside I'm a nice and toasty 98.2 degrees		0
Pain isn't good but so much good comes from pain.		0
My plans for this afternoon are to inhale my kitchen and then sleep for 20 years		0
Orange Wednesday code not working :( what to do...?		0
Those chicken tenders 😅 filled me up		0
You ain't ever gonna change, you got a gypsy soul to blame. you were born for leaving		0
i want to do well in school but it's just so much effort to get the grades i want		0
When a girl says "do whatever you want." Do NOT do whatever you want.		0
My math professor is cool as shit		0
It's 3 o'clock in the morning and i can't sleep due to the muscle cramps -,-		0
need 11 more followers to reach 300🙏 I follow EVERYONE back✌️		0
America, you are a nation of complete contradictions at times. Thank you for making me angry, I'll go funnel that into a politics essay now.		0
Transports en commun*		0
Liverpool fans hoping already that Rooney is going Chelsea		0
If you go to the For Today show I will probably judge you		0
i hope she do.		0
Hello tears again :(		0
I didn't give up. I moved on.		0
Meagan just asked me if i was on birth control.... Lol think about that for a second		0
Feeling pale. Need a holiday.		0
So sick 3 days before Mexico 😭🔫		0
In a closet recording lines. The things I do to get clean audio...		0
Can't handle gym when it's rammed		0
Arrived hotel ready for Bett tomorrow		0
About to head out to the !! OMG!		0
The minute you stop chasing is the second you start getting chased.		0
Make it clear that you want me		0
I feel way less awkward at the Rec when other F/S are there too. Plus, when they play bball it gives me entertainment while I run.		0
Told me you'd change, yet your still the same.		0
You can do anything you set your mind to.		0
I just wish you knew how I felt.		0
I hate taking pills so much		0
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not lack of knowledge, but. Rather a lack of WILL		0
Females really do amuse me. They so fucked up.		0
Was corro on last night?		0
if you've obviously caught sumbody cheatin' on you more then once, why keep gettin' mad? you're tha dumb ass who keeps takin' them back!		0
I love when people post an article as a rebuttal to something I said &amp; the article proves my point. LMFAO... People are so dumb!		0
I need a fresh start		0
Time to get the day started		0
I don't want my dad to turn 56 today :(		0
Life is trial and error, every relationship is not meant to work, sometimes you're just meant to learn the lesson.		0
Ha'way the lads!!!		0
Ready to see how 010 gonna get raped!		0
Big team for United tonight... Lets make it count please		0
So True. "One person's mess is merely another person's filing system" Margo Kaufman		0
and I'm so sick of love song.. ♪		0
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?		0
I'm about to use the phrase "before Romanticism was even a twinkle in Schlegel's eye" in my lecture notes and I'm okay with that.		0
I was always told to get that money in Remain you		0
Sometimes I think about something stupid. Laugh. And then say "Miriam you're stupid" out loud.		0
You make me want to rip my fucking eyes out		0
How did the hipster burn his mouth?		0
blubbing at corrie already😢		0
And for you, oh, i would walk a thousand miles		0
Just been asked to give a character reference for someone. It seems I'm now regarded as a respectable member of society. Oh dear.		0
Eating a curry flavoured soup		0
I CHIMED IN WITH HAVENT YOU PEOPLE EVER HEARD OF		0
Pay no attention to the faults of others, things done or left undone by others. Consider only what by oneself is done or left undone.-Buddha		0
Its weird how I'm never on twitter anymore.		0
mfs try 2 b on that slick shit!!		0
Damn I needa man lol		0
Oh Stephen A. Class is class. Regardless of pigment. I hope Peyton throws 2tds to Thomas over Sherman's bitch ass.		0
said on sky sports united signed mata		0
completed her food and exercise diary for 1/22/2014 and was under her calorie goal		0
That one person's laugh that can make anything funny.		0
Often misconstrued as a student but I'm a boss		0
The truth is .. I gave my heart away a long time ago, my whole heart .. And I never really got it back .		0
Tazo Zen Tea is the best Green Tea I done had		0
My wardrobe next year is going to consist of jeans, sweatpants &amp; hoodies &amp; on the rare occasion I decide not to look like a homeless person		0
I feel all my body parts are placing bets for when im gonna break down and fall asleep. The eye lids are cheating tho stop closing my eyes!!		0
Radamel Falcao suffers serious knee injury and could be doubtful for World Cup in Brazil.		0
This guy is still dwelling about UMG Dallas. We left because you dude.		0
Codes I need to learn visual basic and		0
I Miss The Hell Out My Mom 😢		0
Cooking attempts not so triumphant today..		0
No ebay I dont wanna buy valentines gifts stop emailing me		0
listening to "I believe I can fly" while playing flappy bird right now makes me so happy until the fucking bird runs into the pipes		0
{think, dream, plan} ✨		0
ever tried to save someone from making a mistake &amp; they just won't listen? just dnt call me when shxt hits the fan		0
I don't know why your tripping		0
Fuck! I forgot my charger!!		0
I need a space heater in this bitch.		0
Dawg ima snap in like two secs.		0
The LifeStreet API is one of the weirder ones out there.		0
Yay work is closing early		0
Lord Jesus 4-5 hours of sleep is KILLING MEEE!!		0
Every club in Baltimore is a shithole, LMAO!! Fuck Mosaic, and their sorry bitch ass staff!! And fuck Voltage too. Ban those clubs, lol!!		0
I love her turtle neck...😷		0
Glory glory Man United! Glory glory Man United! Glory glory Man United! As the reds go marching on on on!		0
Out in the car with Connor and Cammy. He's a great wee driver 🚗		0
I have never read a whole book for school in high school or college		0
Ughh this class soo quiet . .		0
I wish work was like skool when you wanna go home you can leave		0
I hate that you ignore me for so long, then you start talking to me like nothing happened.		0
What's your definition of real?		0
Manchester United have finally made a formal bid for Chelsea's Juan Mata. (Source: BBC Sport and Telegraph)		0
everything is an ebay job		0
handcuffs?..... or friendship bracelets?		0
Humanities just swallowed me.. I don't think I will ever find my class		0
I could just sleep all day!		0
AND THEN KNOW YOU AINT BOUT THAT LIFE THATS WHAT REALLY MAKE ME LAUGH		0
My and birthday tweet 😍😘💞 2:05 🔥🎊🎁🎉👭👏		0
My b day tomo! Can't wait :D		0
Song of tha day Katy Perry Wide Awake 🎶😒		0
" if you pitch one down the middle, ima swing."		0
Dinasour sized chicken in oven, glass of port on empty stomach and crying at corrie - what has become of me?!!!		0
I once cried for an episode of CSI: New York.		0
My twitter got hacked		0
i want to spend one year just to travel, before i have a husband &amp; kids. just time to myself to experience new places. ✈️🗽🌅🗻🚢🏯		0
The 2008 Financial crisis eroded many hard years of trade liberalization		0
The ordinary is just another synonym for all the good and great things people do that are hidden in plain sight.		0
Chad Strothers is perfection.		0
I had the worst mental breakdown today. Completely stressed out and desperate.		0
Q: When do you hook up contacts? A: Your project must be amazing. Music on point. Promo on point. Shows on point. Web+Image on point. TIMING		0
Raw food cookbook?		0
No, let's freak everyone out about a water shut down before getting the facts. *bangs head* Is it too early to drink?		0
Just watched a metal version of wrecking ball by Miley Cyrus. It's actually extremely well done.		0
I've got this juice box where my heart used to be		0
My blood type is Half &amp; Half.		0
this all escalated so fast 😳		0
Nothing is impossible. Anything can happen as long as we believe.		0
Why has my merch still not arrived?		0
With random people, I'm shy. With my friends, I'm crazy.		0
The Self Assessment tax deadline – you must send your online tax return by Friday 31/1/14 So if you need help get in touch soon		0
Sick Beard: Download Finished: Gossip Girl - 4x21 - Mauvaise passe pour les Bass… - SD DVD		0
Everyone has problems. Some people are just better at hiding them than others.		0
Hate spanish class 👎		0
WWYD for some paper ? 💰💵💸		0
No school for another week &gt;.&lt;		0
Never beg for anything you can get on your own 💅		0
Literally pisses me off so much when kids disrespect old people... Like wtf how were you raised		0
I'm about to die in this class! !!!!!!		0
You're not a perfect person. But you fit perfectly in my heart.		0
...and this weird looking? This is my first time looking at his face for an extended period of time and it's... interesting...		0
Only in Alexandria B2 do we accidentally light a Brita on fire.		0
Fake friends tell you the pretty lies. True friends tell you the ugly truth.		0
Wishing all the best to the DHS divers at the Gwin Co meet tonight!! Especially my favorite Sarah Moore!!		0
Don't expect me to keep trying forever.		0
"The difference between getting what you want and not, is a matter of will. How bad do you want it?"		0
Fair play to the JCT lads today		0
You can smell dictatorship in Paul Kagame`s interview , he is a goo		0
I prolly cuss her out she text me again.. &amp; expose her ass.		0
No cheating man is worth fighting for		0
Mum: why you not going into college next Thursday, me: got the bug next Thursday 😏😏		0
me and my dad are definitely obsessed with domino's, we order one every few days		0
Don't be afraid to shoot for the stars even if people call you crazy, cuz I ain't never seen no one survive a war with their gun on safety.		0
Less than 2 weeks left of Miracle Madness... Tell your friends to register to make your color team the winner!		0
Corrie's been on less than 5mins and I'm already an emotional wreck 😭		0
First day of a class and I'm already assigned a paper...		0
I should've worked today..		0
Man utd are desperate to land Mata and they reject our bid for Rorney. Damm it why should give them good player like Mata		0
wishing I as going to be in hockeytown for the Wings vs. Hawks game!! 😩		0
I need some new followers😩		0
If your looking for love know that love don't live here anymore .		0
smh i hate damn quizes		0
see that's the reason I can't really trust bitches.		0
Can't wait to baby sit my baby cousins this weekend. ❤️❤️		0
I hate that empty feeling in your chest when you miss someone.		0
Tip: Make sure you are allowing managers and HR to refer as they usually have a vast number of existing contacts.		0
LMAO the music streaming out of W316 right now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 😂😂😂😂😂		0
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.		0
The trouble you have explaining who they are to people		0
Beauty queen of only eighteen 👑		0
I still remember our first kiss 💏		0
Don't worry for those who talk behind your back , they're behind you for a reason		0
I feel so behind on this whole prom thing		0
Aw the thought of looking at my bank balance on Friday is making me moist		0
loving these little random facetimes with dad while he's in America!		0
More to thank, this is true. Please know, I appreciate you. Words w no readers, locked up in books, so very thankful for every last look -B		0
I need to eat pizza and watch Hous Pocus today.		0
Workaholics is back on tonight 👌		0
got something else missing		0
When I talk with you, I can't stop smiling.		0
When i care about someone, i really fucking care...		0
I love you, you loved me, then you love her, she loves you... Yeah, sounds about right.		0
I think that is the worst party political broadcast I have ever seen!		0
Can't even fucking deal with how ugly I look and feel right now		0
Don't have to color within the lines but drive within yours. Think outside the box but stay in your lane.		0
I said my butt finally looked smaller, and Tyson replies with "oh I thought it looked bigger today" lol whateverrrrr 💁		0
Everyone wants what they can't have. But if you begin to love what you have, you won't need anything else.		0
I look and feel like death 💀 But I'm going to get my eyebrows done 👌 they need it.		0
And anther great catch by the Dolphins..		0
Been so many crashes since the start of the year!		0
chipotle with my sister &amp; Luis 👌		0
Follow me on Instagram at PoeticPortraits		0
Make me wanna stay in the house		0
at least my head ache went away 😥		0
Stomp on your face bitch, break your nose (;		0
if secondhand embarrassment could kill... i wouldn't have survived past the age of like 4		0
Wish I could fly to Europe one of these weekends😔		0
Only if it was that easy.		0
Really with I was In D.C rn		0
the wanted are breaking up??? oh		0
guess why wednesdays are my favorite day		0
you'll fall in love more than once, i promise.. and until then, be your own anchor		0
Mata says goodbye to Chelsea teammates.		0
17 year old kid gets fired from his job in Tacoma,Washington for wearing a Broncos jersey to work. Scumbag Seahawks fans		0
Need urban decay naked 3 palette ya dig		0
One of the first things I want to do when I turn 18 is goto the bingo and hope for the best		0
I swear to god leave me alone		0
Came but for friendship, and took away love.		0
Free food always taste good👌😏		0
Someone in my class is wearing a lambda chi shirt, he's definitely not one...imposters		0
The irony of this song coming on right now. 😳		0
7 days till my braces are off ☺️☺️		0
Reading old conversations are so funny		0
I need more candles in my room		0
Ok, UK. I know 95p. In the US, we have cents or 95¢. What's the 'p' symbol? Is there one?		0
the amount of time i spend on the internet is unhealthy		0
Work in a bit👏😌💵💵💵💰💰💰		0
5 minute into Corrie and I'm already greeting		0
Turns out that "fix" might have been too strong of a word. They just don't make cassette tapes like they used to.		0
is trending 🙏👶		0
I'm so excited to see Brent tonight! The circumstances really suck but I can't wait!!!		0
Now I believe. I won't fall down without a fight. Now I can see. I'm not afraid to be alive.		0
Told yo bitch to get on her knees i dont want no sex		0
Just bust her ass on funrun ‼️😂😹		0
When I was younger I would sprint outside at 8am just to play in the snow now id rather sleep in, sad		0
When I decide that I want something it's hard for me to let go until I get it		0
Who would ya like me to fight?		0
Finally got my licenseeeee! 🎉		0
But baby running after you is like chasing the clouds		0
I'm addicted to coffee! This thin mints flavored creamer is amazeballs		0
0111: ma lil brother from another mother ..... Nigggggaaaaaaaaaaa !		0
I get really mad when i realize i slept early but then i couldnt help myself but to sleep early everyday		0
Barb-b-cutie for lunch 😏		0
HIP HOP 1- Break-dance 2- MCing 3- DJ 4- Grafitti		0
British Library announces new season		0
You know me, I don't just study at the library. I also meet people and randomly get hypnotized. :) lol		0
David Moyes has promised Man Utd fans that they will be in a major European competition next year.. even if he has to write the song himself		0
Safe Sanctuary training, here I come...no snow Nashville, no snow		0
Tired of this boring life I'm living		0
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved - loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.		0
Rossall legend, Shelly Sands, famous for her ability to crush walnuts with her knees, unveils new DFS sofa range, 'The Nutcracker Suite'.		0
Steve Thompson should never have been sacked blackpool board are wank!		0
Omg I just want to leave this classroom		0
Dying to know, scared to find out...		0
| Gonna go offline to prepare well for exams and then catch up with the Naruto Shippuden series. I'm not ignoring anyone. |		0
I am so greatful for everything and everyone in my life right now, amazing blessed🙏👦👧👶👴👵👬👭👫		0
I always find things out. I might not say it right away, But I know.		0
HEY YOU GUYS DONT FORGET TO SIGN UP FOR SENIOR MOVIE NIGHT!! After school or during lunch! Free and no clearance!		0
Been looking for my SI class since 12:45.....		0
I need my own gym		0
I'm sorry I mistook all our laughs, long nights, sweet texts &amp; inside jokes as you caring. I'll think twice before wasting my time again.		0
Were just having fun we don't care who sees 		0
This guy that sits across from me is always high		0
you came to the wrong motherhood neighbourf**ker		0
my ass is frozen.		0
I swear the most has happened to me today		0
Whose ready?! NAMM 2014 starts tomorrow!!		0
I am going to come up with a food I can eat that tastes like everything I can't eat Look out Wanka Until then cook I'll just smell the food		0
Does anyone know how to recover an unsaved document on a mac?		0
I should have started on the dress like, yesterday. Hopefully it doesn't take to long tho		0
Got my W-2 form 😁		0
I'm liable to do anything when it comes to that you owe me		0
A good relationship is worth the wait.		0
Exeter still haven't sent me an offer. I hope they have a serious attitude change soon.		0
WATER CONDITION INSIDE, NORTH AVE, MIL, WATER COMING FROM THE 2ND FL OF THE HOUSE, Unit:191EN1		0
In the foulest mood ever		0
7 o clock where you at		0
Philly cheese steak or burger...decisions decisions ahhhhhhhhh!!!!		0
In our survey on future services expect knowledge instead of only land and gov		0
Just sat in on the most fantastic run through of IMDT's Actions: Men in Motion. Previewing from this Sat, Peacock Theatre. I urge you to go		0
Sorry guys I didn't get a chance to post the list last night, I was away from the computer most of the night. I will have it up shortly!		0
MashaAllah! Eli just made me stay in my room and he picked up my whole living room! He wouldn't tell me what he was doing to surprise me!		0
A cuddle buddy would be perfect right now.		0
I cannot stand when people don't tell me stuff		0
Why the Yankees? Now the dodgers are going to trade for Price		0
My family annoy me so much		0
I hate calln. In I actually. Like going to work		0
I actually legit thought donuts were baked		0
Ima go to class tomorrow		0
I have to go to class soon. 😭		0
Dear music, thank you for being there when no one else was.		0
There's seriously like two people that can calm me down and neither of them are around.		0
Hungry what to		0
I feel em I know myself I can't hate no man no one that's grinding for theirs but snakes come in all sizes and all colors		0
I'm so sleepey 😫😭		0
Do you ever just fall in love with someone you have never met because same		0
Best thing about peplum tops is they hide my food baby 👍😃😇🍕🍟🍗🍝🍔		0
gotta get out Hampton 😩🍃🍂		0
to Manu from Chelsea. Shows how much Chelsea believe Manu have fallen as a threat		0
The whole hospital environment freaks me out ... Especially the smell		0
Love knowing things that people have no idea I know😂👀😏		0
I'm thinking a lot of things about my future soon.		0
The girls who didn't pay attention when I was fat can't stop starin at me now 😎 not even bein cocky just bein honest		0
Guys its my birthday		0
U could take action but my reaction is remorseless		0
I wish I was fluent in every language		0
It's like half of me really wants to be with you and the other half just wants to be over you...		0
Seeing the Danville football team lift makes me wanna get better at football...time to play Madden		0
Putting on some high lights. . Lets pray my stylist is good..		0
I love snow days. 😊		0
MISHA. I AM DYING.		0
And then she followed up to say "you won't be able to get in because you're too short to be in the AirForce"		0
New drink: the "Mexico Cab Driver". 3 shots of tequila &amp; 2 shots of absinthe w/ a moonshine float &amp; rim dusted w/ meth.		0
Get it got it good then Get from round me Kids in this rotten hood we living proudly The plots misunderstood I think they found me		0
From tomorrow, the promise of giving two hours/ day to spreading NaMo mantra begins in full swing. Ideas welcome please :)		0
It always feels good mailing pictures to someone!		0
Bob Stoops says punishment for the NON shooting on OU's campus will be handled internally		0
Can it be 10 o'clock already!😖		0
If I can hear you over my headphones it's time to shut the fuck up🕟		0
The sun feels soo good rn 😊☀️		0
My broda no de try		0
Ali can make someone love her enough to do that - Emily		0
My dogs keep licking my pajama pants that have cupcakes on them 😂😋		0
Its all good man saul goodman		0
Don't know how I'm going to manage the English exam tomorrow without having at least 5 mental breakdowns		0
I NEVER EVEN GOT TO SAY GOODBYE		0
People are so tired of school.		0
What doctor do crazy ppl go see cause ima take that nigga		0
Zuma orders SIU to investigate gov dept for, wait for it, UNCOMPETITIVE BIDS! I'm not make this up! Will he include Nkandla in the remit.		0
Absolutely love Emperor's New Groove		0
Dick Rent... LMAO boi u can get the whole checkLOL drunk in loveeeee cause we G all night ooooooooo		0
Why do I go to class anymore?		0
The Hungry Jack Lodge is pretty badass!		0
I say these things to hurt you, but I only hurt myself...'		0
Rejection letters aren't the end of the world. You're still breathing. You're still here. You're still an artist. Now, go create. I will.		0
Netflix for the rest of the dayy ...		0
Damn i swear like cutting everyone off man		0
This wind is deadly🌀❄️💨Why isn't night class cancelled yet? 🚫📚MankatoProbs		0
just booked my room for Friday night at the Hyatt regency century plaza hotel. party in my room after the awards show !!		0
Feel slightly sorry for sienna atm		0
I'm damn hungry... Again		0
About 4 inches &amp; counting!!! Why stop now? No turnin' back... ALL things new in 2014 :)		0
- Did Doug go to work today? or is he mad at little brother...		0
How dare you say you miss me with your spit still on her tongue?		0
Call of Duty Ghooooooossst		0
Chantel for you I'd kill a bull! My bff for real love u babes!!		0
mams raging at me because I'm sat eating a family size packet of crisps and she's on a diet.lolllllll		0
All Y'all bitches lame		0
Doin tha Fuccin Most! I'm Dead💀		0
SOA Season 3		0
Still useful for other things though. I would be really interested to see a malware which analyises the traffic and then adjusts to this		0
I Needs Some Itchies And A Face, Ill Be Good After That. Imma MissYou Bro. Fly High Cannon. iLoveeYouu Bro 💯💯💯		0
Christina aguilera's video for dirty could pass for decent soft porn		0
So the thought of having to see....Want to feel it again again (",)		0
I love making you awkward.		0
Getting my dick sucked always puts a smile on my face :)		0
Another boring class with no eye candy 😒😒		0
del zotto to nashville for klien		0
I haven't worn makeup in so long, I actually think I look better without it		0
Who wants to ball at la???		0
Just getting it out the street thats the best line...		0
Now that my hair is super different, I look at my old hair like WTF!! 😂😂😂		0
I need to go shopping all my stuff keeps disappearing lol		0
Some people are so poor all they have is money.		0
I thought graduating early would be fun! 😩😭		0
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through. If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.		0
Can you stop talking about me		0
Anyway, don't expect much from Klein. He's a watered down Girardi at best. Also bring tuFNiSs to all of you who think toughness = cups		0
feel the city air across your body....		0
The point is to do you.		0
Surprisingly, Garfield County Courthouse has been a target rich environment today.		0
i need a stain		0
Phillip Phillips - Can't Go Wrong 👏👌		0
I'm a capitalist, so I know it's important to keep our capital in our economy and not send it overseas!		0
It's summer, fuck problems and have fun.		0
Sat being ugly today :) pretty comfortable. ... Cleverly this sentence js'		0
No way I've eaten like a Vegetarian today. Just want a 10oz steak in my Gob!		0
I just don't like school unless I see him		0
Just when I wanna sleep. I needa shit		0
I think that belibers are bullies!!! Dissing drake bell because he has is own opinion on Justin beiber....		0
If you keep CALLING me by my middle name and I don't get an attitude,		0
Thoughts are with people in fighting for their freedom		0
My little Caleb won't take a nap without me. So we are snuggled up		0
I like how the "stall weekly" from december 5th is still up in our bathroom stalls		0
My dad literally hates everyone😂		0
I have an icy mustache from the cold!		0
Cold and rainy, please		0
Got to the Lions Den at 1:54, and now it's 2:06. I'm still waiting on my food.		0
If you fuk me ova datz on you baabe 💯		0
It's only Wednesday 😩😩😩		0
Is there a wrestling meet today or was that cancelled?		0
Niggaz set up all red carpet n tv n all tht shiz		0
I can't believe we have to do this... Funeral home 2-8pm Rest easy daddy; i'll see you on the other side :( — feeling alone		0
mom! what's for lunch?!		0
"I remember years ago someone told me i should take caution when it comes to love i did..."		0
Wasn't sent here to please nobody.		0
soo sick of those annoying valentines day cards		0
Houston this weekend 😈		0
When did it all go wrong ?		0
silence crashes me emotionaly.		0
Don't Get Me Wrong I Love Being Single But I Miss Being On Someones Mind, You Know The Whole Taken Thing! ♥		0
€45m ~ £36.8m for Juan Mata		0
Some of my classes have some weird ass people in them		0
I think no class and lots of reading consists as a day off, right?		0
You really can't trust anyone anymore.		0
Wish I had a milk tea right now		0
Its a lotta loot for my man Juan		0
Outlook, I'm havin' a stressful day and I need you to stop crashing.		0
All I need is someone who can stay no matter how hard it is to be with me.		0
So over the snow		0
I'm convinced that this bed and my laptop will be my best friends for today.		0
Don't know if this cashier is a boy or girl		0
41 yrs after we're still fighting attacks on women’s health. We must continue protecting women’s access to reproductive care.		0
As I said a while ago, Fernando is the only name in the last 6-8 weeks that has been mentioned to me. Nothing, nothing at all on M'Villa.		0
NOOO PT2 OF THE DAMN THING		0
Fuck I want IHOP now		0
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have. Trust him and everything will always turn out great.		0
remembering you have work due in the next day that you haven't even started is so crap		0
Never would have I thought the union being out of cheez-itz would make me this sad		0
Boobs..The proof that mean can focus on two things at once		0
Every time my phone vibrates, I hope it's you.		0
Did you know? About an ounce of Clyde Tombaugh's ashes are aboard the New Horizons spacecraft, to commemorate his discovery of Pluto in 1930		0
I'm done for the day so I came back to my apartment and put my pj's back on😊I'm in for the night👋		0
“Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring.” St. Catherine of Siena		0
If u wonder why old people seem cynical, it's because they have lived through all the bs and just know the truth.		0
Nigerian ladies, if you have to "maintain" your color, it ain't your color.		0
Gas prices aren't so bad if you consider you're buying LIQUID EXPLOSIVE DINOSAURS! That's pretty awesome.		0
Someones status on fb "&amp; im sorry ladies, but us men do know when your hair is fake" HAHAHAH crying. Tap dat weave gurl.		0
I'm so ready to go home. I really can't even believe I'm saying this		0
Me and Wendell find the funniest shit to laugh at		0
Don't play for keeps, can't trust these bitches. Getcho money first!!!		0
Why does she not know how to use her inside VOICE!!!!!!!		0
My dogs dont waste no time getting snow on the couch		0
Crimewatch looks interesting tonight! Covers the murder of a polish man, a fox cam that catches a 'sue' burglar, theft of a flower &amp; trolls!		0
Every football player best be in the weight room after school!		0
God is good right when I feel like giving up he sends someone to motivate me. 👍❤🏆🏁		0
One Tree Hill 🙌		0
Seek His Face &amp; other Wed night activities have been cancelled for this evening &amp; will take place next Wed. night on January 29 at 6:30pm.		0
It's cute when couples act like bestfriends or when bestfriends act like couples.		0
I would do anything to not feel like frap right now		0
Showers are amazing. They make you feel nice and clean, make you sound like a professional singer, and help you make all of life's decisions		0
Sometimes, the answer lies in caring more. Other times, it lies in caring less. The key is knowing the difference.		0
Always knackered on Wednesdays 😴😴		0
Can't do the three things I love most.		0
United fans didn't like Mata whilst he was playing for Chelsea but as soon as there's talk of him going to United there all on his d**k		0
Got everybody way up in our business 👃		0
Not anyone, everyone lol		0
Dnt call me a 'dumbass' cus ill call yu worse! 👌		0
Save your smiles for the people who deserve to see them.		0
Actually feel sorry for Sienna		0
How stereotypically Canadian am I if I admit I just walked 3 blocks w/ no hat/mitts in -25C &amp; my main reaction is "that felt SO good"?		0
Sean Paul - Like Glue.		0
Battle day for the boys		0
Mrs cavender just hates me for no reason, love re bants		0
I hate when u watch the trailer fi a movie n u say yea mi need fi watch dis then u go n ur like waste a money ..		0
Fuck pants with zippers		0
How long is the fad of themed 5ks going to last?		0
Hugs from behind. &gt;&gt;&gt;		0
Such a pointless school day -_-		0
Science is probably the worst class ever I mean YOU CANT EVEN HAVE FOOD!!		0
I'm sure we'd be more than happy to sell Mata abroad for £5m-£10m less than to sell him to United for £40m.		0
My Mama asked me if I was to come back to rh what school I wanted to go ...		0
Son of a bitch		0
Crazy things jes happen		0
Just figured out my biology exam is 22 pages. 😟😲		0
Hint hint Valentine's Day		0
Amy told me to shut up so I said 'no you shut up' omg love our banter hahahaha		0
hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why the hell you haven’t made an album yet		0
I need to get my eyebrows done		0
Feel sorry for Katie Hopkins children, that bitch needed shooting before she laid any eggs		0
Road trip to Lansing with Myles!		0
PROVERBS 22:12 The Lord sees to it that truth is kept safe by disproving the words of liars. Amen!		0
She got an ass that would swallow up her GString		0
Yooo. I just realized ima probably be missing FACA this semester. Oops.		0
Spoiled the child smh		0
Biggest return in PHM program with HIV population: White		0
Eish, tomorrow neh!? *nerve wreck*		0
" Hello again to all my friends. I'm glad you came to play. Our fun and learning never ends. Here's what we did today " Barney		0
Cant talk to her is so SHITTY		0
finally gettn out da house .		0
Or Ima Glo em up😈💪💣		0
No matter how many set backs you have in life you should never stop trying.		0
I actually want to go to a wedding for the food 😂👍		0
First retweet is promising, however my last retweet is what's worrying		0
Stop sending me foolishness lmao		0
Life sucks monkey balls.		0
It's funny my mum phones me everyday without fail and my dad won't phone me once always me who has to phone.. CLINGY DAUGHTER		0
today I got ma shit done		0
Deciding if I should wake up Ashley with Starbucks or not..		0
Walking through campus watching people break up in public is hilarious		0
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog - mark twain ✌️		0
Human sexuality is gonna be fun.. Starting off with a video of two turtles fucking lol 🐢		0
Corination streets heart breaking 😢💔		0
Hellya , no probation or class today 🙌		0
I only want 3 things: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.		0
Yo yo yo. 1-4-8 3 to the 3 to the 6 to the 9, representing the ABQ, what up biyatch?!		0
Think its time to call it a day		0
I am still sick mama knows it		0
All this family stuff is driving me nuts !!! But gotta love it ..		0
Then college student day on Thursday !		0
I'd love to see myself from a boys perspective.		0
Den my sperm donor talking bout I gotta buy my own phone cuz he aint got the money right now 😑		0
You just started dating and your in love? How does that work exactly?		0
Theres this girl with huge hoop earrings testing in the same class as me ....		0
Pretty excited to see how these chunks of blonde came out. Thats right I have the skill and knowledge to do my own hair.		0
Math exam done! Paper 2 was a disaster though...		0
Should i go to sleep?		0
Writing tomorrow's blog post (Finally). It's all about mastering your craft.		0
3.6k tweets of bullshit my followers have read!		0
It's so cold that I think I just saw Manny, Sid, and Diego walking down the street.		0
A man driving a Slug bug is almost as big of a turn off as a man driving a Prius		0
Now I'm going to the pub to watch the footy with a beer, should of been a boy		0
Bedtime story about Queen Sarah, Aravorn and the kingdom of Morrowind.		0
Sorry twitter, just got a little serious with some drama. Just can't stand ppl claiming mother n father of the year yet put in no time		0
Delight yourself in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart. (Psalm 37:4 ESV)		0
Kobe, Dwyane Wade and LeBron are going to be at the game tonight...but I have to teach group exercise class...		0
Well I see you've got your bible, your delusion imagery		0
Closer than I've ever been		0
Another day another dawn we're see what it brings goodnight you angels and fiends x		0
I think it's hilarious when guys complain about not being able to find a good decent girl, hello look at the ones you chase after 🙈		0
It's a constant struggle with my hair.		0
Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball		0
Snacking whilst preparing dinner is a recipe for disaster. Now I'm not so hungry... &gt;__&lt;		0
Don't choose the one who is beautiful, but choose the one who makes your world beautiful.		0
Del Zotto to the predator for Klein. Solid offensive pickup on the blue line for the preds		0
I have a headache and i shouldnt be at school right now		0
It doesn't matters if the whole world is against you........ Because I am still there for you.......		0
Just discovered the math lounge 👍		0
I'm missing so many finals right now and I'm dreading making them all up 😨		0
Do I get jealous? Yes. Do I cry randomly? Yes. Do I get angry? Yes. Do I fight? Yes. Do I need a daily hug? Yes. I'm only human.		0
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” — Albert Einstein		0
How much does liposuction cost?😷😅		0
Southwark's January Council Assembly about to kick off. Theme is older people.		0
I'm playing the gorgeous card battle &amp; mini-garden game "Valkyrie Crusade"!		0
Hey people, I know this will come to a shock to some of you but I'm available to hangout.		0
When I was kid, 'You're not invited to my party.' was the worst insult ever.		0
Sold out of $DROP today, bunch a fuckin bozos in charge over there. Picked up $STKO to recoup losses, c'mon weed stocks, make me whole		0
My professor is shitting on Iowa and Iowa state while wearing a rainbow Afro wig I'm dying😂✌		0
Kagame, quite the phenomenal guy this one. Kagame Trials and Tribulations on NTV		0
Damn my nigga Soulja boy got arrested for gun possession		0
£190,000 down on 900 passes		0
I love finding out I sent sizing info for a quote and I got it right, and others didn't		0
The MLB would definitely change a lot if teams weren't allowed to go over the salary cap		0
I could get some kat von d tattoo foundation for the last few months of school		0
I legit did a double take at the campus center cuz I thought I saw a friend from SMU haha wtf I'm losing it		0
Who wants a pharagrah in there inbox my truee feelingss.? Keeping it 󾭻󾮟		0
Looks like a false alarm.. Swat teams on campus but were told to continue normal activity.. Yeah fucking right I'm going back to school now		0
Because that felt AWESOME, dude.		0
Sorry had to tweet that		0
ima make a set of direction on how to take a selfie. Dirty mirrors, phones in the way, and flashes... Smdh. Lets b smarter than the camera!		0
Nobody appreciates a good girl, until she doesn't give a fuck anymore.		0
It's crazy how in life when I'm down about something, I'll go read my for the day &amp; BAM is right there saying, I got you.		0
My family come first no matter what.		0
Don't make a permanent decision for your temporary emotion.		0
hearthstone is shit play paskahousu instead it's the best card game		0
Don't ever try and judge me dude, you don't know what the FUCK I've been through!		0
He must've bumped his fucking head if he thinks I'm driving todayyyy 😤		0
Y'all fight to much		0
Meanwhile on horror+1, Wonder Woman, guest starring Gretchen Corbett as the world's least convincing Nazi animal trainer...		0
FUCKING ACACIA GET THE FUCK OFF OF MICHAEL CLIFFORD		0
Relationships last longer when nobody knows your business.		0
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?		0
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in yo mind!		0
OMG. There are, like, loads of people off the telly here.		0
All im really asking for is youuu		0
why can't my national insurance number just come through already		0
My wittle mother wants to read my Senior Exit/Research Paper so bad 😫 Awwww 👏 Lls 😂		0
finally xD		0
I cant get those words outta my head		0
Off to the burg wiff the boy (:		0
Three letters: I do.		0
“People come in and out of your life. Only the real ones stay.”		0
I feel so tired 😥😴💤		0
It's like 30 degrees in the front end of my house I don't know what kind of fuckery they got going on in this bitchh 😔		0
Don't be nice so that people will like you. Be nice because you genuinely give a shit about someone besides yourself.		0
Kinda feeling like writing some really simple, straightforward metal . . . getting bogged down in theory can be fun but not always		0
I Always Think Of Me		0
The track that I just got sent is going to be a hit		0
I appreciate a woman with that cuff		0
Now following EmemFernandez! Thanks for tweeting Who’s next?		0
seriously but my mouth is numb		0
Wow, I accidentally deleted all the music I had in my phone 😭		0
Playing COD. About to ask la bf a question then realise he went out to play football. I'm stuck!!!		0
You'll look up to me, even if it's in a casket		0
random thought... can you straighten your hair by using a clothes iron ?		0
A little jealousy in a relationship is healthy...it's always nice to know someone's afraid to lose you.		0
There's always gonna be someone who will always be picked over me no matter what.		0
I Played the Fool...kept it cool...now I Pity the Fool.		0
Wish friends would hurry up and start again		0
Someone plz take me home 😩		0
In exactly one week I will be starting school...it took too long but I will be moving forward		0
Is this day ever gonna end 😩		0
The owner of our stables is a top dressage rider and I admire her so much and I want to be her		0
Fancy over 2.5 goals and Hernandez to score anytime.		0
Alex Ekubo is a lousy actor! Watching the trailer of Lagos Cougars! Pls tell him not to give up his day job		0
is gunna spill he aint man who can keep stum about sumfin like that		0
But God always provides!		0
The vacancy that sat in my heart is a space that now you hold 💕		0
That shit too funny 😂😂😂😂		0
"Your whole being is beautiful"		0
Couldn't write my 1929 WIP with out my trusty 1931 Roget's.		0
Time is just flying today		0
I hate always having shit to do...I just want to relax!!		0
This classroom setting of I don't like		0
Watching the 'We Belong together' video like a million times just for Wentworth Miller		0
Whys are there so many cops out today?		0
"The past is just a story we tell ourselves."		0
Kagame seems to turn to nervous laughs when he turns to controversial and half truths but has firm speak on safe grounds		0
people who were like a best friend to me have now become a distant memory ..		0
What do you call someone who is obsessed with the moon? A lunatic 😏		0
All girls wants is to feel beautiful, be loved, and to be treated with respect.		0
Protip: if you like a tweet - click to RT (retweet) and/or the star to favorite the tweet		0
You know, a dress with lace arms. Oh, how I would love that.		0
I need to know now.. Could you love me again!🎶		0
"Its all gravy, like chicken when its smothered."- Earl Simmons		0
So I'm wondering whether the next box set should be House of Cards or Orange is the New Black...		0
😂😂🙀😩lrt that shit was trifling		0
SO over this day 💣		0
I just need a nap.. fuck homework and fuck life!		0
The sad thing is, I actually thought you were different.		0
These last 2 days been straight asss.. yous dont even know		0
It sucks when the one person you'd call when things go wrong you can never talk to again. 😔		0
What a joke 😂		0
I actually liked your before this		0
Hate when people stare 👋😜		0
I'll wear a sweatshirt. Problem solved.		0
The hive is busy controlling your heating at home!!!		0
For my personal growth, I low key want to get my Masters!		0
Mmm, dem 6am wake ups...		0
nah dude it's over		0
Never seem to fail		0
Signs of life in the old dog. Mata signing and a win tonight would move things the right direction.		0
The thought of him playing for united makes my skin crawl , however if it was PSG or something i wouldnt care that much providing me got		0
can't remember to forget you.		0
honestly nae a better buzz in the world		0
Who wants to order me some pizza		0
Text her saying "Hey Beautiful" Trust me, It'll make her whole day.		0
What is your most precious memory?		0
ok cool we know you're devout Christians now stop		0
I swear you have to be the most annoying girl on twitter stfu!		0
150 years ago, most of the Toledo area was wetlands and forest. Today, &gt;88% of the land is agriculture.		0
No one cares what happens to Sienna or Patrick		0
fucking xmm shouldn't be allowed on the Internet la srsly cb don't fucking waste my time ok		0
Still haven't tried bubble tea. life is not yet complete.		0
I'm Going to change my ways		0
About to sample a Burrow Hills Cider. Only from my neck of the woods Somerset of course ohhh arrr! Good night Cardiff.		0
fuck my expensive taste 😩		0
Not a fan of these ice breakers for every class		0
Who wanna bring me a relo		0
"Only 130 days and 23 hours until I marry my BFF4L"		0
Our Followers get 10% OFF our ENTIRE SITE TODAY! Use offer code "TWEET10" at checkout!		0
I can't wait to see that awkward moment		0
Some of you hoes would die with out make-up, I can deal with out it. But you bitches with these connect the dot faces can't! 😷😫😖		0
On my own... Meh		0
OH OH OH OH THE RIGHT STUFF		0
Eat, sleep, rave, repeat!		0
Let me squeeze on that booty forever		0
Hate riding the bus Hate all these kids		0
Thank you god for another day im able to push foward, thank you for watching over my fam		0
Emperors new groove is my fav		0
Walking is so much quicker when u bumping		0
Well South London just oozes class &amp; culture that the rest of the uk should envy		0
I Think Im Going To Order Me A Pizza From Marcos When I Get Home Because Im Starving Like Marvin		0
5th most expensive pitcher in the MLB, hasn't even thrown one pitch yet		0
I miss out on great opportunities because I'm too scared to try something new.		0
Bethany mota i love her		0
Today you can call me Helga the cleaning lady		0
Your first mistake was leaving me. Your second mistake was giving me the chance to realize I could live without you.		0
That moment when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from seeing or hearing something that breaks your heart.		0
I'm sippin on that purple stuff ha :)		0
I really hate the snow :(		0
A lot of husbands get support to complete grad or professional school from wives who work. Are these men		0
YESSSSSSS SEE YA DZ, have fun sucking for somebody else		0
seniors should write God a card, thanking him for this perfectly timed snowday		0
This girl has the nerve too say its too cold outside but has on a sweater and a jean jacket 😒 your cold cause your ass is trying to be cute		0
False alarm. I found it 💆		0
Sather works his trade magic yet again...		0
I love the taste of protein powder omg		0
does anyone else eat grilled cheese with catsup or is it just me		0
I ordered a tongue and cheek burrito again. Damn it. No hablas.		0
trop nul le theatre		0
Waiting for a package is the worst kind of waiting		0
I hate being used.		0
Lsdy call yesterday talkin bout my mova just got to bring all my paper work up dere		0
As the great colonel sanders once said: "I'm too drunk.... To taste this chicken"		0
Most ppl make music for they city, i make shit everyone can relate too.		0
Today is the annual "founding of Armstrong" Day..		0
My class liked the opening credits I'm doing for my short movie😎👍		0
Regular coffee? 10 minutes to enjoy. Iced coffee? 36 seconds later, it's gone.		0
Highschool class ring. You wear it the day you get it then never again		0
I have Heavenly mime practice today		0
Everyone tells me I have a boring life. Thanks guys ✋		0
Table next to me is having a conversation about God. Trying not to fake a seizure and speak in tongues		0
Boy Meets World will forever be my life❤		0
Seriously...you are making this class more complicated than it really needs to be		0
And also, one thing I can not hack is ignorance.... How rude		0
She wants to be your girl, not one of your girls.		0
Trappin Not For Everyone		0
So who else thinks I'm pregnant since everyone in Hillsboro knows everything?? Lmaooo		0
I can safely say the single funniest thing Iv ever heard in football is United fans claiming they don't want/need Mata. Hilarious.		0
Draw all over this		0
Im havin a shity dayyy already!		0
Mayor Cannon talks about Econ dev through bond initiative on ballot this fall, additional transit investment, addressing the homeless pop		0
what will you do your whole life if you are asked to do one .name which job u going to do your whole life.		0
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.		0
I just love how my brother eats everything in the house		0
Just going to stare at my dissertation until words start coming		0
Kevin Durant reminds me of a mix between Kobe &amp; Dirk. Wait....Kobe and Dirk = KD...ah, it all makes sense.		0
I'm going outside to play in the snow haha		0
This windy wind might push me to my freezing point- I.e. Blue lips		0
I show up to my biology lab because I didn't know it was cancelled and no one was there and on the way back I almost got hit by a bike. 😂👌		0
I don't Keep Secrets , I Keep People out my Business 😳		0
I've got this ego mechanic		0
Making a mix of spag bowl and lasagna!🍝		0
my math teacher just said let it go and im trying so hard not to sing 🙈		0
love spending my life with this girl!!		0
Bruised my feet with all this walking and my flip flops		0
Bulimia recovery tip- Consciously &amp; deliberately acknowledge that there is no such thing as "safe" &amp; "unsafe" foods.		0
2chainz loves my big bad red egg yall!!! Lol.		0
I said I was gonna start my homework Sunday night, yet I'm still watching netflix.		0
I still ship Maxine and Kevin.		0
I am upset bicker bicker bicker loud talking bicker bicker bicker		0
I guess going home and sleeping my night away since I have nothing to do.		0
Fuck it 20 on sunderland :/		0
I'm tired of being ignored and not meaning anything to you anymore...		0
Pretty sure I'm the *only* person who did not enjoy Her. It was a decent movie I guess, it just made me super creeped out &amp; uncomfortable.		0
This weekend is guna be great!!		0
Boy, you remind me of something.		0
"Technology over technique produces emotionless design." -Daniel Mall		0
massive urge to just spend all my money on shit i don't need		0
30 days is a long time man..		0
Hate it when chefs say 'the food needs to be full of flavour' yer no shit, good idea lol		0
"Fear not, stand still and knw 4 I am ur GOD" ☑		0
Smh At You Thought You Knew Better But When You Wrong You Wrong		0
Tyson's class smells like ass		0
I was thinking of doing the same as Chong's wanting to do.Postponed college and work until end of this year and start college next year		0
I wanna be the last number you call late at night, I wanna be the first one that you dial when you open your eyes.		0
I jus want it to be spring already.. ☀️		0
Illusion in the Dream		0
Shout out the guys out here still grinding &amp; washing cars in this cold weather		0
Early birthdays, January through June&gt;&gt;&gt;👏👏		0
Omgawdddddd the thirst yo is serious !😳😂😅😆		0
Gotta be honest I'm quite liking the UTD line up.		0
Frito lay sending in the backround check..		0
I love a man who knows how to shovel 😏		0
Ugh when your trying to say something important and then you forget 😣🙍		0
I worked out for 15 mins and now I feel better even though nothing has changed		0
Gonna try very hard		0
I will be always with you.		0
I wish I could ignore you like the way you ignore me		0
MY LUNCH PERIOD LITERALLY FEELS AS IF IT'S ONLY 10 MINUTES OMFG		0
Why about now what about today what if your making me all that I was meant to be		0
Anyone trying to buy an IPhone 5s?		0
Anyone fancy letting me come live with them forever?		0
The school parking lot- where I get put in 99.9% of all my awkward situations 😅👌		0
Life is soo much easier knowing how to drive.		0
"Sometimes bad things happen, and there's nothing you can do about it. So why worry?"		0
I was contemplating dressing up today annnd then I woke up 😄🙅		0
Ahhh i remember baby sitting here and getting a tweet from Jade aw that was so amazing		0
I wish I could shut everything out		0
Oh = Stop talking to me. K = I'm done talking. Whatever = fuck you. Fine = fuck it. I guess = I don't give a fuck.		0
The struggles😳😳😳 Don't feel like doing shit👊👊👊		0
I want a relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?"		0
Having a headache at work has to be the worst		0
I hate when a bitch say fuck Betty lane but yeah I forgot so many love us some gotta hate us		0
Every girl has that one guy, that she'll never lose feelings for.		0
Ayo fuck this .		0
I'd rather hear Dan Luong read a book out loud than be in this class		0
If my life was a movie the next 4 months would be a montage called Gettin' Shit Done. But alas for me, it's going to actually take 4 months.		0
Love coming home to my family and chilling out!!!		0
Mfs watch ya back turn around n might get 🔫💋		0
Completely stressing about what to wear on Friday		0
They say the truth ain't pretty but coming from that pretty mouth the truth is fitting		0
I have a perfect life.		0
I have a hot shower and a comfy bed calling my name		0
Oh and you may find that you have leaking eyes by the end.		0
Misread hobbling as hobbiting wtf is wrong with me		0
I regret not trying every sports in my youth. I played 2 competitively. Imagine how many I missed out on. I couldve been great at something.		0
Why the hell didn't that send up a red flag for Ariel? Seriously, if someone told me that, I'd be like "Yeah, no thanks."		0
FUCKING HATE THAT BITCH		0
My home boy still had a signature on his text messages.........😶😕🙊🙈		0
Passion is a product of the heart. Passion is what helps u when u have a great dream. With passion u overcome insurmountable obstacles.		0
Life after MATRIC!!!! YOH speak about nerve racking!!!!!		0
Music always puts me in a better mood.		0
I hate the lighting in my room 😒😒😒		0
Why is it when you run you suddenly have to poop		0
I hate texting you first. It makes me feel like I'm annoying you.		0
Fuck a friday everyday payday 💯💸		0
This dude just moved one seat closer to me and just started singing		0
Love is blind!!! Tahey!		0
I'll wait until you realise		0
I hate it when I question every decision I've made.		0
Can anyone connect me with any agencies that work with hotels through Europe?		0
I have to pay 200 by this Saturday or I'm fucked....		0
Do I go to the gym and work off the fat that I've stored for the cold winter months, or do I starfish in my bed?		0
I gotta pee . I need to get up .		0
What's everyone's prediction on the UTD game.		0
This government be playing peoples lives.		0
You judge a lot before you understand		0
Manga needs to seriously stop taking breaks!! Really, I want to see what happens next.....		0
Not liking all these 'photography' profile pictures. They're all shit		0
Some people go way to far with piercings		0
Love going to publix and getting boars head meat for the price of publix meat for my sub		0
Givingit some back beef Thanks Tony &amp; Stan Sophie ' s gotta be done !! I took 2 nd Phil Heath A film that was shot...		0
Don't let anyone ever make you feel like you don't deserve what you want.		0
Jesse is driving, I'm not gonna make it to 23		0
All in a days work.		0
My problem is overthinking so i need to take break from my mind so i am gonna do anything to stop thinking		0
My room is always the coldest place in the house 😩		0
let me treasure youu :)		0
This whole education thing isn't working out		0
Pro woman, pro life, pro baby!		0
I've been on beatport for the past 2 hours, uufffff bombs for days		0
Tanaka jersey sales bout to set records		0
They have also recalled Taylor Beck from Milwaukee		0
The lines at the airport are craaaaazy rn 😳😭		0
I used to have clothes that reminded me of bad news ex boyfriend. Now I have clothes that remind me of my lady badasses.		0
just hate it when i put the memory card in the computer so i can save a few songs. then i remove the memory card AND THEN I I FORGOT A SONG		0
I Consider Myself A Good Girlfriend.		0
Im really happy now happiest i have ever been before she is perfect		0
Had to go a bit darker than intended because the green was STILL there. But it looks so pretty now. Pics later. Going back in 4 weeks!		0
not having a shower is brill because I get to have a bath all the time🙌🛀		0
Let Go for Tonight..		0
RVP and rooney not even on bench. All in the hands of Dat guy and his Pea. Gets ready to pray		0
Every time I go to Trin's school I have the urge to hand out ass whoopings! Bad ass kids		0
Where's all the rum gone?		0
Sometimes quiet people have a lot to say, but they just don't open up to anybody.		0
I will always laugh at "lemur eyes"		0
I swear the only thing I see on my newsfeed anymore is babies. !!		0
No, I don't like you I just thought you were cool enough to kick it		0
i hate repeating myself		0
See how this goes.		0
3A region 6 is a joke man.		0
is it bad that all I'm doing is looking at my picture with cody?		0
I'm in need of some lunch :/		0
I can't even look or listen at the moment. It's too darn painful.		0
Can't wait for my dad's pizza party		0
Lost my ICard yesterday. Wish I knew they were taking a new pic for it. Would've gone on a less ugly day lol		0
"His brand of sex comes with a warning label" ..Yeezus! 😂😂		0
when a cute boy follows you tho (;		0
My salad was extra yummie today, this is weird but I freakn love eating healthy I don't even miss the fatty foods 😸		0
I'm only interested in the future💫		0
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore.		0
oh god !!! someone please take my lap top away from me!!! I HAVE A LOT TO STUDY		0
My life would be made if Gilmore Girls episodes miraculously continued.		0
Everything Will Get Better For Us		0
They cost about $70 each -_-		0
Being alone at school sucks.....		0
I'm still tryna understand why it's so much animosity coming my way . I ain't even do nothing.		0
I knew you are d best at the first sight of you		0
Tight imma have the free crib all day and no one to chill with -.-		0
Zac Efron in The Lucky One😍😍😍		0
I'm outta control 🙈		0
Leaders use humor to spark creativity, strengthen relationships, improve morale and improve performance. -Marilyn West		0
What a day 😒		0
fuck maths, english, home ec, art, history and french revision watching the bachelorette instead🎉		0
THE WANTED VAI SE SEPARAR? WOW		0
I swear the media only promotes all these shooting.		0
don't follow me, i'm lost too.. 3:)		0
I'm eating in a restaurant and on the radio living on prayer		0
Four pillows isn't enough to sleep with.		0
Most of us were destined for greater things in life...And then social media happened.		0
The struggle of going to lunch and losing my parking and walking a mile back to work or starving for lunch 😔		0
Pens and Needles- Hawthorne Heights		0
That instant smile you get when talking to that one person.		0
10$ to anyone that beat my high score on Skee Ball 2		0
I wanted us to work so much,I hate you for making me feel like this. I still love you.		0
youtube vids won't load omfg what do i do during my 2 hour break :|		0
lol I don't even want a Michael Kors purse or watch anymore cause almost every girl has one		0
Chicks want a boss nigga.. But not even close to gettin no type of real bread.. And be having cars parents paid for		0
Do you not know how to walk or something		0
Reminder: Some fans liked what DZ brought to the team. Did he have slumps? Sure. But some of us appreciate the player. Don't be a dick.		0
Juan Mata might just be the man to turn around the season for United from a part-time Arsenal Fan		0
Wow.... That follow.... Just made my day....		0
I can't get off Ableton... Any help??		0
I wish I gotta work with Katelynn or Mercedes though!!		0
I had an epiphany! To be a great entrepreneur I need a garage! Dang, where do I find a garage?		0
just to make me feel better		0
I'm so over my nutrition class		0
Happy Birthday Roe v Wade. 💀		0
tell me what you think of me i swear it doesn't matter		0
Hurry up with my roast dinner mother		0
couldn't even get to xscape without loz telling me where to go, my sense of direction is awful		0
Be careful who you let into your life.		0
If we are the body..why aren't his arms reaching? Why aren't his hands healing? Why aren't his words teaching?		0
The jakes all up in our hair, if one if us snitch that's rare!!		0
I'm tired of feeling like shit.		0
They wont see this but i'm blessed to be part of glos tow, such a beautiful group of people who cheer me up in just the right way, love them		0
Lool that's me. I need to stock up on some athar.		0
All this waiting for confirmation makes it worse. Please just get it over with.		0
Juan of class		0
Just looked fat as fuck carrying a whole pizza through the mall for chey 😏		0
The girl teaching my A&amp;P II lecture hasn't even taken A&amp;P II ...Okay ASU, ok. 😒		0
Q.3 What was Keerti's first tellysoap's name? ? RT n reply using		0
Get rid of unnecessary weight slowly. Don't "lose" it - you don't want to "find" it again!		0
I could nap all dayy		0
Just now am caught up on Teen Wolf. HOLY SHIT.		0
And carl just said "when you guys move back in"........ no. Just no.		0
The wolf of Wall Street, looking forward to Leonardo Dicaprio 😍		0
Megan is in my bed watching Gossip Girl 😓		0
I'm so excited for the WWA Tour! When are your concerts?		0
Hoaaammmmzzzzzzzz fook it fook it !!		0
Fuuuuuk I forgot I'm out of pre workout ..		0
You said you needed a little time for my mistakes, but it's funny how you used that time to have me replaced.		0
They're just not cool why do they have them		0
I wish you knew how much I like you, how much I love talking to you and how much I wish you were mine.		0
And ya wanna party with us cuz we crazy motha fuckas 🎉		0
McKechnie et all plan to publish full results of study.		0
Don't know much about this guy just traded Del Zotto for, except his name is not Michael Del Zotto. So by default, I like the move.		0
Whelp got all my work done for the day time to sit here for 7 more hours...		0
Judge just announced the jury has reached a verdict in the state's perjury case against former Windermere Police Chief Dan Saylor		0
I'm trying my hardest not to fall asleep in this boring psych class.		0
I'm gonna start to just trust I've always had problems trusting but life's to short!		0
When someone doesn't reply to your FB message yet it says they've seen it, god I want to beat the eff out of them.		0
When you see a beautiful show jacket you can't afford, you are probably looking at my tweets		0
I should walk so Krispy Kreme, it's looking pretty nice today ⛅️		0
When boys kiss you softly on the neck.		0
I hate skype, each time I have to call somebody I end up calling the wrong person, I'd almost swear it starts calls to anybody automatically		0
I GOT TO PULL THE FIRE ALARM FOR AN EMERGENCY DRILL TODAY !!!!		0
U n my world my way or no way		0
This Shape tool looks like ASLR for the web. Obfuscating source will only slow attackers for a short time, doesn't stop determined opponent.		0
Have a nicee walk👌		0
Out for lunch with lil bro		0
The signing by the gave me enough energy to go shovel snow out of the driveway, and do the dishes.		0
Routine FaceTime with my babygirl 😄💕👭		0
Something's are over looked..		0
Do you think about me when you´re alone?		0
LOVED when my babies finally slept through the night. Dreading the mid-night wakings again with a new baby coming soon!		0
I really need to do my blogs, but ehh		0
Comfort Blendz- Falling in again...		0
Ahh got my phone back 😎		0
Tonight I will be wearing my red and white stripes ! Not for Stoke, but for you know who....		0
Fumigation through self immolation		0
17 more weeks. 17 more weeks		0
you talk shit on her then blaim it on me hahah d o n e		0
We all have our talents. Don't focus on the ones that are absent, embrace the ones you own		0
Crushes: I like you. In Love: I love you. Break Up: I need you. Single: I miss you. Over You: I hate you.		0
I'm gonna make like $0 tonight at work, like who wants to drive in this		0
don't give a mile to someone who won't give you a millimeter.		0
Bell let's talk! Send those text messages and help support mental health 💕		0
Whenever I start feeling sad because I miss you, I remind myself how lucky I am to have someone special to miss.		0
She's just a side bitch she ain't nothing more 💯😆		0
Drake hosting &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		0
Hard to believe this idiot Sanhouri is turning 17 in an hour		0
Whole body aching now and cramps are back		0
I don't think people understand my fear of heights		0
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.		0
"All class has resumed, except for Gould hall" - President Boran. Sounds like no class for me.		0
I will achieve my goals in life ✈️		0
Today's gona be a good day.!		0
If you wanna laugh, I'll be your smile		0
Dude look like a real fed sitting here		0
Should've had a full day.. Its fuckin boring		0
Eh, forget the children. Acne sucks. Bottom line.		0
your friends who have the ability to make you think.		0
Yo my boss got me screaming in here.. Lmbo!		0
Not my day today !		0
Wow today was the worst..		0
Searched Gossip Girl season 2! Chuck and Blair *_* I love you.		0
Out for the day		0
In the bath with a dead battery 👎		0
Who wants to help me book a romantic holiday to Rome?		0
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah and finallyyyy we did it ♫ Al7mdulelah		0
110 more points and I will be happy with my APFT score. That's it, only 110 more points. I got this.		0
So Man U are better off buying Pepe than Mata... Taking goals into consideration		0
dad keeps j walking like he owns Woodstock. lawbreaking son of a gun.		0
Just hmu whenever you feel ready to talk.. 😌		0
I've been waiting for an hour 😒		0
Actors: do you have a certain routine or ritual to get yourself ready for a big scene?		0
Feels good to be home		0
I need some people :')		0
The episode of supernatural last night got the highest recorded ratings for this season!		0
Good weed &amp; Me Time.		0
The Daily Grind has run our beloved little ol' espresso machine into the ground. RIP. We have all been mourning for days.		0
Normally on the Friday I try to go to somewhere (pref. a city) in Belgium I haven't been to before, to do some bar exploring		0
I had court today. I ain't even go!		0
sending snapchats to the wrong people 😂		0
My English professor needs to chill		0
The Kill by 30 Seconds to Mars		0
my wifi connection sucks i hate my life		0
Revision is killing me😭🔫		0
Oomf get on my nerves		0
Can I not be hungry for once in my life		0
For I love doing "half plate produce" - it's colorful, healthy, and easy to do.		0
Just give it away		0
If you are friendly to me and do nothing but talk shit about me when I'm NOT around you can go fuck yourself.		0
Gonna be weird seeing mata in a man utd shirt. It's not right😒		0
Roll on 3.20 tomorrow!! Exams drive me insane!! :|		0
Conditioning is once again CANCELED!		0
"She was on that cyber space" Yer we call that the Internet nowadays...		0
Do I watch the manc's tonight would piss myself if they lose		0
Saturday I had 2 party's and in 2 weeks I have 2 party's on the same day. Why they on the same say again 😒 wish one was this weekend😖		0
Hey macys junior department next to the mac counter can you play less super heavy EDM on a quiet day because of how dumb and annoying it is		0
I guess its one of those "look up animals for sale you can't buy" days		0
My dad making me my fav soup to eat 😅 super glad I'm feeling better now!		0
This old country black man in the airport is having the oldest, countriest black man-est conversation an old country blacksn can have		0
All I see is twitter fights today😌🙌		0
You must see True Detective on HBO. The acting, Plot ,and writing is outstanding. Mc Conaughey and Harrelson border on brilliant		0
mad at the padres for trading Forsythe :/ NOOOOO :/		0
A girl in my evolution class told me that a proximate cause for a fear of snakes was that "they're slimy." Incredible.		0
If your Instagram name is maya2cute4u I'm not following you back		0
i may look like one, i may have Irish in me but i can assure you that I'm not a pikey		0
Don't matter to.me whether u mad. I'm still smiling.		0
Do you talk to your pet in "baby-talk?"		0
Im ready for dis day off B		0
Over-responsibility is not love. Suppressing your needs is not love. Creating healthy boundaries is love.		0
send me to the front office? lol how bout i just go in the bathroom so i can go on twitter.		0
"Explosions...on the day you wake up Needing somebody and you've learned It's okay to be afraid But it will never be the same"🎶		0
Craving Taco Bell/Chipotle big time		0
Intelligence is sexy, don't play stupid.		0
Doctor Who A Town Called Mercy. Never seen this episode looks like Red Dwarf meets Terminator		0
Nothing worse than smelling sausages cook when on a diet 😫😫 but it's my own fault for being a pig 🐷		0
so I finally understand the need for tissues with lotion in them my nose is red, raw, and hurts so bad rn		0
Today is filled with some cleaning house...in a very figurative but REAL way!		0
Money talks, better make it count when it speaks💸		0
I am quite tired		0
What has reached was never meant to miss you, &amp;what has missed you was never meant to reach you		0
When you show up to the donut place and they ask you how many dozens today you may have a problem..		0
Gon be 21 on feb 14th, sheesh time is flying!!!		0
Blow your nose fag!		0
Matthew Arnold~ Resolve to be thyself and know that he who finds himself loses his misery.		0
Isn't amazing , how you talk all this shit and we still lack communication?		0
$LKQ first prints green		0
If college has taught me one thing it's how to make phone calls to people I don't know.		0
Fortunately, Mos Def's cousin was Mostly Def.		0
LETS LIFT THE FUCKING ROOF!!. *thumps chest and headbutts bog wall*		0
let's dance till the morning!!! :)		0
It has never taken me this long to write 500 words....		0
louis has a hot butt		0
My wife and kids 😂😂		0
Legal briefs again *sigh*		0
Fuck me, I can't stay awake for shit.		0
All i wanna do now is go home i got some tall can's waiting for me in the fridge hahah		0
After I get married I wanna be able to put a transformation picture from my prom to my wedding day &amp; have the same man next to me in both 😍👫		0
Salisbury is already infuriating me and I haven't even got there yet😡😒		0
The best thing about work today is its PAYDAY♡♡♡♡		0
Sad to see Klein go):		0
I don't care how healthy it is Quinoa is glorified dirt.		0
It's not everyday I'm allowed to get gassed like this		0
So many babies lately, I just want to cuddle them and dress them prettily then give them back when they cry/poo 👶💕		0
I had a MAJOR turn of events today &amp; it has opened up my eyes. I hope this is my Good karma, because great things have happened to me today.		0
I want this Eclipse soo bad 😩 but my dad won't let me get because it's stick shift 😒😩😑😔		0
I can't believe it. 😠		0
ever since I've started focusing on the shit I can control and myself things have been a lot less stressful.		0
I hate being ignored by you -_-.		0
Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit because gratitude is a burden and revenge a pleasure		0
Do treat your women well and be kind to them for they are your partners and committed helpers - Muhammad (pbuh)		0
You'll never understand until it happens to you.		0
Teacher~ braedon, what's the concentrated part of the map? Me~ uhh the camp? Germany i dont know.		0
Joe told me he loves Justin more than me😞 They've only talked once😒 😭😭		0
I miss you but you seem just fine without me.		0
For all women who have had abortions, and for those who feel tempted and afraid, we pray to the Lord.		0
Ignorant ass people luv 2 fukin waste my time!		0
I be forgetting I'm 18..		0
"You know it when you know it and I always knew with you"		0
now the underworld has a barrier, all the gigs i wanna go to will be at the fighting cocks and it's 18+ fuck that man		0
Kylie Jenner looks like she's literally 25.		0
Thought I did good. Yep guess not!		0
ANOTHER PERFECT ON A QUIZ !? WEIRD WEIRD WEIRD .		0
"I’m a bit beardy and in a blue jumper, I’ll look like the regular out of place British person" ...I think I'm going to like this meeting		0
First day back at college 		0
Worked with Jazz, now looking forward to hangin with friends and watchin some concerts this week. Seminars should be great too! MMEA!		0
Been given another birthday cake😂		0
Eat.. Sleep... Revise... Repeat.🔫		0
For some stupid reason I just keep on trying with you		0
Can I have a plus Baneling please?		0
So far everyone that's come into the room for the lab has sat at a different table each time. Things are getting awkward.		0
Coach myers brought me donuts today!		0
What even just happened...		0
If you don't like Texas music then B**^ you must be stupid!		0
Twitter be deadAF during the day lol .		0
Wolf of Wall Street was mental, brilliant though!		0
So excited for the NTAs tonight!!		0
I mean we are BALLOU so of course people going to have our name in the mouth		0
My low key bae is Future he just don't know it yet. 😍😩👌		0
If you fw somebody STAY FAITHFUL! Cheating is childish &amp; weak af.		0
Sending warm thoughts to my friends in the Please to your local keeping our human and furry brothers warm.		0
"today, i'm laughing the clouds away"		0
The only snowden I care about is this drift in front of my car! Someone come dig me out!!! I'm a a mom		0
visas are ridiculously expensive.		0
Tough decision. But it had to be done. No more playing games.		0
Forever 21 is calling my name		0
Well excited for the NTA's 🎉🎉		0
I'm not really a film person but when I like a film I really like a film!!!		0
Shit looking up for me this year		0
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.		0
Don't ask for my opinion and get mad after i tell you the truth.		0
Can't believe I'm burnt, sunbeds are strong 🆘		0
If u love someone u would do anything to make them stay, keeping it alive		0
I hate wearing hats to baseball bc its just an easy way for people to make fun of my head size		0
We watching out for thots , cause they be pulling off .		0
Evan laughed so hard at that audio clip that he lost his contact. I am crying.		0
Sorry, but I don't need any part-time people in my life. Either you're with me, or you're not.		0
Hiccups in the library... 😩		0
I hate when chefs on cooking shows don't clean their hands after touching raw foods.		0
How nike delaying the launch of sneakers I already sold.		0
JERUSALEM: Exterminator in today's fatalities is Israeli with 30 years experience, happened by mistake R'L not terror attack as feared.		0
Does it bother me? Yes. Will I ever tell you? No.		0
"I recall Central Park in fall, how you toil your dress, what a mess, I confess."		0
I'm feeling bad already		0
why do i keep a fallin' up the stairs each night? I mean its not like I'm australian or nuffink?		0
There will always that one person in your life who is an exception to all your rules no matter what they do.		0
I didn't wake up to get yelled at... Fuck you ✌️		0
I can never go a day without my phone with me.		0
My abuela is always asking about my boy, lol it's so cute.		0
When he is available , he always starts.		0
Stretch your boundaries, but only to a point where it's useful. Expect a lot from yourself, but don't be harsh about it.		0
Sorry, Richard Lawson’s VF piece on Looking. I enjoyed the first sentence.		0
The conversation I'm having with my mom &gt;&gt; My momma is one of the most amazing women. So blessed to have such an incredible role model.❤️		0
Can anyone give me a Wildstar beta key? Win the lottery is easier jesus...		0
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you.		0
THE DAY HAS FINALLY COME! 😍🎉WORKAHOLICS IS BACK!!! ah omg!!		0
It's trippy the first thing we talk about in class when I walk in is Marijuana 😎		0
I hate being lied to.		0
"Americans are all thick headed." Modern Lit. Critique Professor- What a way to start the class.		0
Peter Tosh Pandora radio station all day long		0
I wish I could ignore you like the way you ignore me		0
Im over liars 😠✌️ i dnt want nothing to do with a lying ass bitch 👌💯		0
Single for life 💪		0
gonna make it a point to go hiking this weekend 😅		0
Miami - Duke tonight		0
I don't feel good 😟😖		0
This old lady in my sociology class &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		0
God will make sure it is manifested in your life.		0
sick of my life atm being stuck in this fucking house		0
This girl really wanted to charge $0.63 on her card... 😒		0
Wolf of Wall Street was insane. 3 hours of Leonardo		0
I'm. Ready. To. Go. Home!		0
drops soon! Can't wait!		0
Come get this bread tho		0
It takes a fool to love you, oh and I'm just the fool for you		0
Too cold to move		0
I just wanna sleep...		0
I should try exercising this year		0
just wanna be in a new marking period :/		0
Won £5.50 on Euromillions last night and spent today dreaming of how I'd word my resignation and which flight I'd book first ✈️☀️		0
You're confusing the shit out of me		0
in need of fried rice and miso soup		0
What cunt forgets there bag with an iPad and wallet in on a train!? This guy👍		0
just because im at work doesn't mean ive stopped existing..		0
So glad I don't have to drive to work tonight		0
I just want to help anyone who wants to be helped.		0
Scratch that springer is on👌		0
fans will be wearing Half and half scarfs tonight then.		0
Sometimes I think we waste our words and our moments and we don't take the time to say the things in our hearts when we have the chance.		0
Getting more and more excited to get home ahhh		0
There wasn't even a shooting.		0
Might be getting my own apartment in March through part of the summer! (:		0
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much.		0
Ready for dis beer cheese soup doe...		0
Gym fiend only does gym deeds		0
Do she deserve my attention or nah		0
Im the type of person who will stay committed as long as you do the same		0
I got one more class then I gotta work out		0
I want someone to take me on a date for Valentines day. ☺️❤️💕		0
If marijuana is sooo bad, then exactly why is it legally sold to severely sick people?		0
if you hav nuthing to loose it gives u a shere opportunity to do whaever u cant otherwise		0
Finally in manchester 😴		0
I tweet about to much.		0
And don't even get me started on Wtf!? Sophie, you should've known better.		0
Jumping on the bandwagon		0
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. But, what I can't do is pretend that I don't love you.		0
Spike, you need to get some better flunkies.		0
Catch nigga slippen from behind boom		0
Some of my friends in the east coast are dealing with freezing cold weather. Stay warm everyone.		0
I miss you... bed &lt;3		0
Works kept me busy today dick heads the lot of them		0
I'm over all this shit frfr !!!!!!!!!!		0
let's get carried away		0
Just Read Mar Letter 😩😩😩 Missing Him. 34 Days Left Yo		0
Don't worry everyone the bat is safe and sleeping in a cage while it dries on the heated floor I shall release him tonight		0
She's more worried about who told me that then me, so that is a defiant sign that I can't do it		0
No one can beat me in my typo gmae.		0
Project LA has been initiated		0
It really is hard saying "no" to something that you've wanted for a long time		0
Also, my dumpster diving last week with $JCP and $INTC hasn't worked out so well. Still holding both but not adding to either for now.		0
Books be so expensive. Glad i dont pay for em		0
Working fast.. People love handmade stuff, but still want it instantly like mass manufactured.		0
I love snow so much ❄️⛄️❄️		0
I pretend to ignore you, but I really just miss you..		0
Confirmed line up vs Sunderland- De Gea, Rafael, Smalling,Evans,Buttner,___Januzaj, Carrick,Fletcher, Kagawa, _Welbeck and Chicharito		0
I suck at texting and I can admit that...		0
For the first time it actually doesn't "feel" cold even though it is.		0
21 in 6 days time, not doing anything because I've experienced 20 birthdays before, but gifts will still be accepted. Thank you.		0
Workin hard and hardly workin		0
Props to whoever hacked the website		0
Too much monkey business for me to be involved in🙈🙉🙊		0
Out of my mind...		0
workaholics starts back up tonight		0
Why my sister be screenshotting my snapchats ! lol the UGLY ones 😒😂		0
i like the feeling of wads of money in my pocket.		0
My brother has decided he wants to play the kinect so I can't watch the ntas. -.-		0
the thought of being with Alex tonight is literally not motivating me to go to work at all rn		0
"Catfish The Movie is My Story, Catfish the Tv Show is Toto's"		0
I really annoy my mom 🙊😂!		0
Just had a Turkish breakfast thanks to my roommate. I luff foreign people.		0
He woke up in a new punanny!		0
It's only 7 dollars a month		0
And it makes me scared to be at college		0
Does anyone have any photo of Anna? X		0
Is there such a thing as a hand massage?? If so, I need one.		0
Aww my bestie messaged me &lt;3 Haven't talk to him in forever		0
it was ripped from my chest and I can't stop the bleeding		0
I want some 12's👟😏👌.		0
Oops i watched every episode of american dad on netflix in a little over a week		0
I need something *TO eat		0
This dude has a gf &amp; he is still sending me snaps , stoppppp.		0
Eating a whole box of Apple jacks with some fruit punch		0
Goooooodbye gross washed out redish brownish straw like hair 👋✌️ helllllooooo fresh new look 😊		0
Ffs sake. Todays already ruined.		0
Cleaning snow is mad annoying		0
Just ate too much, Zaxby's will be the reason I gain weight.. It's right across from the college? And I'm addicted. 😁		0
Three deadlines for tuesday😁🔫		0
My mom and her emoticons on whatsapp -_- please stop winking and putting random animals everywhere :(		0
this is my voice, my weapon of choice		0
3 more hours !!		0
But Foreal Tho Who Tryna Go To Panama City With Me?		0
April 21st...THE BOONDOCKS RETURN!!!		0
So the best thing I can come up with for my 18th is going to the pub to watch the football! Fuck it all day bevy 🍻🍺		0
I NEED glue in hair extensions!! 😲		0
Id rather my dog died than Mata go to United...v.upset.		0
Proud of the Grade 8's ♥ :)		0
Abby the snow bunny		0
I look into your eyes and i feel i can see your soul and i would give you mine even if it leaves me dark and cold.		0
Just had an argument with my sister about who's putting there feet on top of who's legs		0
So I have given up and it was the right choice because if I would've waited we would've never settled things 😊		0
I think about every girl wants that huge teddy bear from shaws		0
Im in this bitch bored		0
“Love at first sight” typically means falling in love with someone within the first hour of meeting them.		0
Glory Glory Manchester United		0
Do you wish you were by yourself, or that I was someone else?		0
Speak all things into existence just make sure ur words line up with it.		0
And 30% of battery left xD		0
I need a workout buddy, someone who keeps me on track and motivated...		0
Des d got any entered at Medan?		0
Pills n pills till O.D !		0
"People's imaginations and dreams are more fucked-up than drugs; it's just the sound of music in my head."		0
Fuuuuckyes, Protest The Hero coming back to London!!		0
If she saves your texts in her phone so she can read them when she misses you, marry that girl.		0
I'm a "bottle it up until it's a problem" kind of guy		0
If you love me, show it, because if you don't... I will never know it.		0
Can´t wait for next chapter!		0
That's the FUCKING dumbest thing I've heard I wonder if Jay Z leaving Beyoncé cause niggas think she cute		0
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because its hard to find someone who understands...		0
How big do a girls boobs gotta be to get an add code around here?!		0
Guilty as charged..with the stories		0
Didn't get student section tickets in time.... Looks like I'm going covert ops to get in tomorrow.		0
When you don't have nothing anymore niggas loyalty for yous starts to fade thin		0
I'm 23 years old and giving a 32 year old advice on life. 😒		0
This is the first class I've been on time to today		0
1)I woke up. 2) Went to school. 3) I saw him. 4) I ran to him and hugged him. 5) I kissed him. Actually, the right order is 2,3,4,5,1.		0
built 2 aqueducts--Aqua Claudia + Anio Novus--and restored a 3rd, Aqua Virgo.		0
I can't wait til social studies is over and i never have to take it again..		0
On valentines day, all I want is 2 dozen fresh red roses💞💯😩		0
Everything I want, I want from you.		0
I just sent my parents a picture of my 100 on my grammar quiz 😁😁😁😁😊👍📝💯		0
My head hurts so much damn it.		0
Girls that arm wrestle &gt;		0
I'll love you unconditionally, only on the condition if you love me unconditionally.		0
My cats go crazy whenever I make tuna		0
Me: "I'm not walking my ass out there cuz I'm too lazy." Seti: "I'm not walking my ass out there cuz it's too heavy."		0
I wish i was as tough as you...		0
Because then, I'll actually be able to do something, &amp; that's the only reason why you're running that dick licker.		0
Anybody want to do something?!? Mad Bored!!		0
"I'm usually not attracted to blondes, but.." But just stop right there..		0
ascoltando le little mix these four walls		0
My milkshakes bring all the boys are the yard and they’re like “your friend is hot”		0
You know what they say... the grass is always greener at the other dispensary		0
Nights in with keel are best😋		0
A relief would be a relief		0
Ugly ass nigga lol		0
I wish you would. 😂😂💨🙊		0
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness.		0
Remind me to never move north of Virginia		0
Sleeping 12 hours leads to such a bad headache		0
downloadin some tunes onto my phone ready for Saturday :P		0
I can't remember the labels of the heart 😭		0
Come on Lads! Glory glory Man Utd!		0
Signing up for supper		0
I was hella , everybody's wcw . Today ❤❤💯		0
Sometimes i pretend like i don't care but i actually really want to cry.		0
I think I have too many girl crushes.. 😳		0
"Isn't that what you guys do? Just sit around and talk about how over it you are?" Lmao my prof loves hipsters		0
my mum is getting me the avengers cake from sainsburys for my birthday and I'm just a bit too excited		0
You must be a chola.. Cuz gurl you're bangin ! LMAO 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂		0
This day is going by a little too fast		0
I actually have to use a backpack this semester...		0
Just when niggas think they €aught up with me that's when I switch it up		0
Ma nigga ma nigga vine songs &lt;3		0
Suddenly need a change... Hair?		0
I have a serious sushi addiction.		0
Tbh angels the best ❤️		0
Love is the hardest secret to keep !!		0
I can't wait to set foot back on the softball field💕		0
Don't judge me for my choices when you don't understand my reasons.		0
The more I look at the Toyota FT-1 (Supra) concept the more i want it		0
Got out of 4th block 🙌🙌		0
Fucking goofy is mad that I look and dress better, and get more money than him. I'm winning. Enough of that petty shit.		0
just dont feel myself lately, it sucks blah		0
Hate leaving sams and staying at my own house after I've been there for over a week 😩😔		0
Now Chesney's rocked up! I'm surprised that daft tart Fizz hasn't brought the kids round to play on the bed!		0
Older gentleman says in the doctors waiting room, "I don't read entertainment magazines, I don't need to be entertained!" Haha		0
Constantly thinking about your career? That's your idol.		0
Feeling on your booty		0
Leadership: continuity = security		0
really tempted to go to sleep		0
Andy Cohen says there'd been, 'until recently' quite good compliance with Flight-Plus. Who could he be talking about?		0
If you will be at please hit me up, you can e-mail or DM me as well. I would love to meet as many people as I can.		0
Having a great idea for an outfit in your head, but hating it when you try it on.		0
When a woman tells you about her problems, that doesn't mean she's complaining. It just means she trusts you..		0
Ive ruined all my good looks and extreme sexuality from over tweeting and under moisturizing!		0
Almost let my pen fall asleep on the page, day dreaming yesterday, dozing off back stage...		0
Dying of hunger! Can't wait to finish work.		0
To this day, it's probably my favorite nickname I've ever been given.		0
"Small people talk about small things, or other people; big people talk about ideas, or the future."		0
Really wanna go out		0
I'm worried about you…❤️		0
Literally have tried to see frozen 6 times since it came out		0
Girl: I'm jealous. Boy: Don't be jealous baby. Girl: Why? Boy: Cause you have something that they don't. Girl: What? Boy: My heart		0
Thank godddd foy square roots the grade tho.🙌		0
I just realized if this interview goes good I will work my life away. Like every single day of the week I will be working.		0
Vic: "Rach give me your phone password or i'll disable your phone" Me: " and i'll fuckking disable your legs"		0
It's days like this I wish I could grow a beard		0
Fuck you Thursday, fuck you...		0
Got business to handle		0
I do what i want , its me not yours!!		0
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are sitting in the passenger seat.		0
Need a new phone😴		0
Mourinho, I see what you're trying to do there.		0
but can it be friday now		0
Shout out to my mom for letting me leave school early today		0
Cold Pizza Hut is one of the finer things in life.		0
Next year I'm not taking anymore night classes		0
Your a idiot! !!!-_-		0
Just scalded my hand 😖 this day gets better and better		0
that's my weekend sorted then👌🙊		0
Today could not have went any slower		0
Has Hollywood cut down on the end credits?? from the last couple of movies which i saw, the end credits have become shorter		0
If it's meant to be, it will be.		0
I wanna be someone's wcw :(		0
I'll just come back later it's open till 6 anyways		0
So that's why people are looking at me crazy ... I have random flowers in my hair 🌷🌸💐🌹🌻🌺		0
Coffee ☕️ &amp; Anthony Bourdain 📺		0
Girls never mind staying up a bit longer just to talk to a guy they love.		0
Well today I woke up at 11 instead of 2....still not sure how im gonna be able to get up at 7 starting next week		0
I miss my daddy&amp;&amp; with the news my momma gave to us yesterday about my grams, I doubt it he's coming home anytime soon 😿		0
It is far too hot in this building.		0
I know it's a bit far out, but there is an arctic disturbance forecast to move through next Sunday night into Monday.		0
Go and tear it at training !		0
learn for music and making NL hmpf..		0
Back At It .		0
I herd u got dat pack an u ain't doing nothing...		0
Speak up, don`t hide your thoughts and feelings, especially when you can make a difference.		0
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart.. I guarantee you, she is the one.		0
That depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long, it breaks off, and you wonder why bad things happen to good people.		0
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. - Ralph Waldo Emerson		0
Someone needed to put you in check so..		0
The last time the leafs won 6 straight ja rule was ruling the charts lol		0
It's not my fault I've had to be off school so much this year fs		0
Why do I come to this class? We seriously just play on our phones whole time		0
Blessings, blessings, and more blessings 🙏		0
I miss FourSquare a lot		0
Can't believe Chelsea would sell Mata to United. Oh well, makes us getting top 4 that extra bit harder yaaaayy.		0
"And what about our future plans? Does this thing we have even make sense when I got the whole world in front of me?"		0
Eating chocolate the whole way through Corrie to try and stop myself balling my eyes out		0
Off to the mall		0
He made my day		0
Wish Corry would fuck off hate it		0
Been feeling the Amato's lately		0
Can't wait for this weekend, missin me grandma❤️		0
I will be buzzing if we get Juan Mata. If he can replicate or better the form that won him Chelsea's player of the year I'll be even happier		0
I been making petty mistakes all day.		0
1 more semester and I'm done with high school		0
"Should we pull b's or pull b's" -a very wise delane toole once said		0
So after analysing all of the mid week premiership football next week I can't see me not winning at least 10 bags and a flight to Barbados🍻		0
A whore is like a bowling ball; she gets picked up, fingered, thrown in the gutter, and then comes back for more.		0
never say no. ☺		0
Ughhhhh forget I sent that. I feel dumb.		0
Fuck man idk why ms. d didn't put me on the list to work at restaurant for lunch		0
So unworthy, and somehow He loves me. Forever my heart sings of Him. 🙌		0
the real question is.. or nah?		0
I dont get it its -10 out and my dog has refused to come inside sicnce i got home at 930		0
Trust level is low .		0
I honestly wish the worst for you 👍		0
spring is coming gotta shave those legs *takes out the lawnmower from the shed*		0
All history teaches us is how to form a revolution		0
I'm hardly ever in a bad mood. Life is too short for that.		0
I am planning my trip to South Africa for Mega Partnering...Who else is going and are you going on a Safari?		0
We were all young		0
My boyfriend is a bully.		0
you the one I lean on		0
Jerseyville Rd btwn Hwy 52 &amp; Alberton closed starting Monday (3rd) for about 4 weeks to facilitate pipeline maintenance work.		0
That &amp; "Jesus wept" 😂		0
I want this pain to remove from my body		0
I think we should have every Wednesday off just to have a break in the middle of the week		0
You're supposed to tweet how you feel.. But what happens when you feel nothing		0
When I talk to you, my day gets a whole lot better.		0
You gotta fall before you fly.		0
You call the shots, babe. Just wanna be yourssss 🎶		0
I would be a vegan if cheese didn't exist.		0
My favorite pornstar just requested me on Instagram 😍 it's gonna be a good day.		0
What's worse than having the milkshake song stuck in your head? Not being able to stop humming and your boss walks by singing the words. 🙉		0
When you're a teenager, 'No' is a complete sentence.		0
if your my buddy snapchat: jessiesanghera		0
Went to the shop. Stood in front of the booze for a bit, didn't buy any, then helped an old pisshead cross the road. This is the new me.		0
You trying to put me off? God no, I'm trying to recruit you		0
Someone drive me to school tonight		0
Follow on IG: original_bytch		0
Believe it or not im smarter than you think		0
Stroud's fried chicken flavored swishers.		0
Have a dream and follow it. Have a plan and stick to it. Have a goal and achieve it.		0
Have a dream and follow it. Have a plan and stick to it. Have a goal and achieve it.		0
My show on tooo		0
What's the team news????		0
What you know about love? What's love know about you?		0
God please give me this job🙏		0
I miss my you		0
I'm in the mood to see Back to the Future and I have no idea why		0
Sorry im in touch with myself pastor		0
Needs some banana pudding 😋		0
'You see a mouse trap I see free cheese and a fucking challenge' Introdiction is brilliant		0
I want to change my room around but it takes so long		0
G.O.O.D Music - Bliss(Performed by John Legend and Teyena Taylor)		0
We just lost the Masahiro Tanaka bid to the Yankees. Guaranteed Host Family wasn't enough to seal the deal..		0
This has been a crazy day just wanna eat somethin n relax with my babies n let all the drama go		0
if you ever feel sad put on summer clothes &amp; dance around your house dang you look guud &amp; are now invincible proceed to have a fabulous day		0
I gotta go run up to my job huh to get these papers		0
Girls that spit on you &gt;		0
YYYAAAYYY I GET TO GO HOME!!!!!!! and fill out more job applications, what batter way go spend the day OOH WAIT I have to clean too		0
Just when it started getting better..		0
I feel as ignored as: the first piece of bread internet explorer the terms of agreement 18+ warning the fourth girl in spring breakers		0
Okay, now they are playing LFO. Brb joining this party.		0
If you are younger than me and I have my feet on a chair go get a different one your lucky I dont stab you in the throat with this pencil		0
My hair is growing so fast finally!!!!! :)		0
Let's skip march 👌👌👌😲🔫		0
We had a private rental reschedule on us tonight, so the track will be booked from 7:15-8:15 during our member position race night.		0
Getting my hair dyed black underneath and red on top. So excited😆		0
Look like a movie and fuck like a pornstar.		0
LOVE IS THE LIFE 'ROUND HERE.		0
My Head Banging But Finna Watch This Movie.		0
Ready for Royals season 💙⚾️		0
"This isn't easy This isn't clear And you don't need Jesus Til you're here"		0
I feel so sorry for Roy. Oh my god.		0
I will be the one who fills out the perfect March Madness bracket		0
I can't stay quiet for that long cause then I get bored and fall asleep or don't pay attention		0
"I miss you" doesnt always mean " I want you back". Sometimes it only means " you crossed my mind and I hope youre doing fine."		0
Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I kept to myself		0
Knowing I have an exam tomorrow that I finally don't have to study for is amazing		0
No longer allowing any of this		0
Seeing someone you care about cry has got to be one of the worst things ever		0
Ouch poor Nancy.		0
You can learn a lot about a person from the way they sing Bohemian Rhapsody		0
Stop trying to please everyone else other than yourself because it will get you absolutely NOWHERE in life..		0
Is it bad that I don't wanna go home cause then I have to deal with my demon cousin? Lol		0
Carrie Underwood is perfect and probably the hottest woman alive. I can't lie about it.		0
The future is so hipster.		0
Kanwit: Medicare Advantage plans protect enrollees from high out-of-pocket costs, and in 2014 all plans have out-of-pocket maximums		0
My Heart Misses You..		0
Oh my gosh I didn't know Goosebumps was on Netflix!!!		0
Big boobs don't count if your fat 😶		0
Me and my bed.		0
he pauses the game to get chips		0
Some Nora jones, a blanket and somebody would be nice		0
Oh yea Rudy had 41 last night lol oh yea I was talkin shit to these Rudy gay haters out here lol		0
Had to repeat myself three times today and people still didn't understand what I was saying		0
Moby Dick pictures		0
If you can't afford to tip take ya booty to McDonald's		0
My Twitter timeline: Mata Mata Mata Some bitch complaining about her feelings Mata Mata A picture of someone's lunch Mata Mata"		0
I'm not even a part of this wedding and I'm stressed out.		0
SALMA JUST TOLD ME TO GO AWAY :(		0
Enjoying the photo shoot		0
the other day i was following over 600 people		0
Don't be playin hard to get...		0
My teeth and me are just natural enemies💊🔫		0
I know I know i know 🎤😩		0
Watching the purge 🎭		0
My hair is so heavy it gives me headaches 😫🙆		0
Come on Sunderland !!!		0
Slide the panties to the side ain't got time to take draws off 😜		0
It's a conspiracy organized by Obama.		0
R the rangers.fucked did they really trade del zotto for kevin klein LOL what a waste trade		0
My mood today: screw you. Screw you. Stop holding hands. Why are you talking? Just stop.		0
Obama &amp; his people should step down.		0
Portillo gets a pint well it would have been if it had been a full measure		0
Fuck all y'all - Darrell		0
I went to alt to get away from people why are you doing this to us 😩😪😪		0
I think I love harder		0
I want this game to startt !!		0
I reckon Mourinho just doesn't like spanish players no matter how good they are...ramos, casillas and now mata lol		0
My life is such a mess		0
Since Fergie's retired, he's arguably the best manager right now		0
You are mine, I am yours. Lets not fuck around		0
We walked everywhere in cold in the hot franking one cup of coffee		0
Well it was almost too cold for my remote starter, so that's cool ..		0
Before the trade Girardi &amp; Stralman were the only right handed defensemen on the team...both of whom are UFAs at the end of the season		0
I want to make things right with the ones who hate		0
Spending the day reading🙌😍		0
LASG bans smoking in public places		0
the waffle song was deffo my fave song in year 6		0
'Say it to my face' is the most annoying thing anyone ever says, just no		0
Good Dick Make A faith Bitch start cheating 🙆		0
I have art work that I have to do and j reallt can't be bothered ughhhh		0
I went to canada for 20 mins today		0
People really irritate me.		0
I feel like cooking something with guacamole 😋		0
Getting my noise re pierced today hollllla 💁💁		0
Moving up slowly, Inertia keeps, woo		0
Sisyphus's mom demanded that he make his bed every morning.		0
They're playing Lana in Bdubs right now ugh baaaabe		0
Going to let my boyfriend off for being a facebook boob as he just suggested chippy chips with evening foods.		0
Eeek I'm here! Now what?? Who else is here?		0
Back to december &lt;3		0
😪🙏		0
and no fucks to give till never 👌☺️💕		0
I really don't find the otter box ugly, it's hella cute lolol		0
some say fussy... I say high standards		0
So wet when someone posts a pic of their doochie on facebook every time they smoke a bit of weed, stop		0
nothing pisses me off more than seeing a kid walking around campus with a cut off tee..its 18 degrees out. you look like a douchebag		0
I regret this day		0
Wanna have a nice tan? Just sit next to me and you're gonna look DARK by comparison.		0
I thought the baby was going to take a nice long nap this afternoon.		0
If you hurt someone, be ready, karma will pay back.		0
I wish their was a tv channel that only showed cops!		0
Are you ready for, ready for a perfect storm, perfect storm, cause once you’re mine, once you’re mine, there’s no going back		0
Anyone want a yorkie???		0
Eaten hardly a thing in the past two days what is happening, this isn't me I love food		0
Wtf is wrong with me!!!		0
That awkward moment when someone in front of you blocks your way to walk, then you both choose the same side again.		0
Can I chop their dicks of and make duh veri cheap noodle, sell it for money so I can spend it on dog shit to throw at their face afterwards?		0
time to revise history like a shitstorm		0
Sitting here for an hour is worse than taking the exam...		0
followed up our insanity workout with a 15 minute conversation about how much we love carbs. 💁		0
Glad to be back😜		0
New motherfucking workaholics tonight		0
I want to learn Spanish and French fluently		0
I don't believe wat they saying these niggas liars		0
Finna hop in traffic		0
Got the worst headache in the graph comm prelim because I was stressing so much		0
They should give a medal to anyone who uses an entire tube of chapstick without losing it.		0
Girls who pretend to act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick.		0
Finding myself crying to greys anatomy almost every day now		0
Theres a Pokemon song trap remix		0
PLUUUUUUUUS WE GOT FINALS FRIDAY &amp; MONDAY . I WAS OVER THIS SEMESTER ON JANUARY 17TH FOH		0
That just made me feel even more lonely ugh		0
My head must be shaped weird because this headband will not stay in..		0
hustle is in my daily planner		0
Seth Troxler at fabric on the 15th.. do iiiii		0
I remember when US used to be ahead of the trend curve. Nowadays Europe leads, they follow		0
I'll have no sympathy for directioners when 1d split		0
Right now at this very minute, someone is very proud of you. Someone is thinking of you. Someone cares about you. Someone misses you.		0
Feel some dark thoughts lately		0
I bet all you Ball State students will be in those Saturday make up classes.		0
Rules for texting a girl: 1) Don't take 40 minutes to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask Questions. 4) Always use the smiley face.		0
Always getting my feeds mixed up		0
“Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.”		0
i could never be with another girl n time soon..		0
Dennis said I'm not getting nothing for my bday bc I don't text him back😭		0
I urgently need to update my office software. Anyone who can help or knows someone who can help please let me know. DM/Inbox me please. Thx☺		0
I'm over this getting older shit.. My recovery time used to be a few hours.. My recovery time now? A whole damn day.		0
memories stay cold forever.		0
nothing like a bit of optimization		0
*sneezes* God bless America		0
healthy temple, healthier mind.		0
They underestimate the grind for this doe cuz im only 20 years old.		0
Sometimes music is all you need to make you feel better. ❤		0
- made eggs with tomatoes, green pepper, onions &amp; spinach. Yummmm.		0
Best guy friend over here atm yay! lol		0
You gotta get up and try		0
Amber is color blind I swear.		0
Balling my eyes out at corrie		0
Seriously?? LeBron James' jersey says "King James". Stop being so full of yourself		0
Boren encourages students to update personal information so they will always receive emergency alerts.		0
I'm gone stay right		0
Lying in your new hideout, you can stop to ponder conjuration and solace. ~FIN~		0
MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY		0
Somewhere in the world		0
I cry a little when boys post nice pictures of their girlfriends as their wcw. So presh💕		0
and that ladies and gentleman is how i made it to the Superbowl		0
My days be long af!!		0
I HATE HOES HOES HATE ME		0
😭🔫🔫🔫💣 WHY IS EVERYONE IN CLASS!!!?		0
the avengers is by far my favorite movie		0
saw so many clothes that I want earlier, this really isn't helping me save at all		0
I respect how little attention the Europeans give to celebrities compared to America.		0
Wanderlust // Wild Beasts.		0
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.		0
Now my baby is dancing, but she dances with another man.		0
Don't fucks w/ lames		0
surprised isn't trending		0
Not all roses are red. Violets aren't all that blue. Whatever color flowers are, I'll still always love you.		0
We Opp Shopping On Bumpers But Them Fuck Boyz They Put Up		0
I'm just trying to be what I'm supposed to be supposedly I'm dope Saint Nicholas aint as cold as me		0
Can't wait to see all my rider girls !		0
The little things can make my entire day 😍😘		0
40-50 feet waves hitting North Shore Oahu right now on Turtle Bay. Surf Comp. cancelled, largest swell in a decade		0
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together		0
Tom is singing tinie tempah to me over snapchat help		0
I seen it already, but I ain't mad at cha *tupac voice		0
I'm ready for the good life		0
Dying my hair it is o going to be dead. Looks good tho!		0
This professor is a bitchhhh		0
And now I heard he's ready to sanction the sale of Courtois. Mtcheeew. Mourinho don start oo		0
If you looking for me you can find me on the West jit		0
Haha ok be that way ✌️		0
not sure if I want to go to the gaeltacht		0
Why do I even try ..		0
Why is it hard for some people to google and find the answer themselves?		0
all this mata is not what we need shit. World class players fit in any team		0
Whoever dresses Rachael Ray should be fired asap. Sorry, girlfriend.		0
Last episode was so good. All that Cas and Sam interaction was amazing. Thank you for the wonderful episode!		0
I Ain't Soft On These Hoes		0
Now I feel awful.		0
When you wake up from a nap and have no idea what day, month, or year it is.		0
today's been a happy day🐯		0
We Love United, We Do. We Love United, We Do. We Love United, We Do. Ohhh United We Love You!		0
Watched a squirrel get ran over... He then got up and ran up a tree.		0
At least one is being honest to themselves. Lmao.		0
Apologies to my non-Hoosier Twitter friends. My state is doing something bigoted &amp; fiscally insane. Our voices are all we have to		0
Faster.		0
Spend less time chasing what ran away and more time chasing what makes you happy.		0
Wine in the shower		0
keoki needs to stop laughing at me before I beat his ass -.-		0
When we first met, I had no idea that you'd become this important to me		0
katie turns up at mine with a bottle of freezing cold water and tangfastics, love her👌		0
can't believe I ordered my phone case like 2 weeks ago and it still hasn't came but I ordered my trumpet at the weekend and it already here😔		0
well we have been dating for 6 months and i love him soo lets get married.		0
A bubble bath sounds absolutely delightful right now.		0
I never leave my house cuz people are always comin thru		0
Always wanted to know what it means when you dream about someone you really don't know like that. Still wanna know.		0
Like no, I don't listen to the beatles, they're way too mainstream		0
all these chicks just poppin pussy, im just poppin bandz..		0
I was little, when I didn't care about my weight, clothes, or hair. I just did whatever made me happy..		0
Really not sure why I need to read an accounting book to learn accounting but I mean you're the professor so I'll give it a try.		0
My French professors accent &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;		0
She's mine You stay away from her It's not her time. 'Cause, baby, I'm the one Who haunts her dreams at night, Until she's satisfied.		0
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. But then, I wonder if I could handle the truth.		0
I can't believe we still doing assigned seats in high school 👎👎👺😪😞😣😒😔		0
Settle it down Coulda been worse		0
Yay now I can fangirl and she will understand this is great		0
WHO is that Person wich said niall should have died. !!!!!!!! Fuck you !!!!!!! Niall is perfect accept that now !!!!		0
Bruh this girl stink beside me, my freaking eyes watering😭😭		0
The Joy of horses is not the riding, jumping, racing, showing, or grooming, but of owning.		0
"I'll keep all my emotions right here, and then one day.... I'll die"		0
I love the episode where Alice trips on acid		0
"Stick up" is such a weird expression		0
Revisiting Band of Horses, starting with "Infinite Arms" which is my favorite song and album...here we go!		0
What is the point of finals when we already take tests after every chapter and unit in the class???		0
As if I fell over a chair in my college interview -.-		0
Girls that smoke weed &gt;		0
I can't wait for Hibachi tonight😍🍜🍚🍱		0
I want to foster a litter of kittens 🐱		0
Some people are worth melting for.		0
Why do we still have snowflakes on our door		0
I feel so much better 😁		0
I'm so embarrassed I tried to take a picture of someone's outfit &amp; my flash went off 😬 that's what I get		0
Shit mood, hate everyone		0
Just heard on Dr. Oz "Just heard on TV "Your vagina should not smell like a fish. Ever!"...seems like a good piece of information		0
Respect that! Bow down, bitches!		0
so hungry I could throwup roll over and die. its painful.		0
Callum is so shit at co op seasons		0
shouldn't watch corrie while I'm at work😢		0
So Mata hardly played Champions League this year.... and looks like he wont be playing next year either		0
Can I be at track already		0
The reason why I don't speak to you anymore is because I keep telling myself that if you wanted to talk to me, you would.		0
Best snow day ever 😒		0
Me &amp; Taliah watching criminal minds in our heat 😂		0
My tears fell when i saw that photo :'(		0
A record signing for MU after Berbatov		0
At job sleepy as hell		0
My mood all day &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;		0
No one understands how hard it is.		0
awh, the vamps are too cute		0
*Posts the video of Zeifa pole dancing on every screen on planet Vegeta*		0
Back to the Matter		0
I talk too much with my brain.		0
I hate Tonya Harding, but she's helpfully talking about abuse by her mom. It's not rare, but society acts like it is.		0
Vampire weekend and coffee sounds perfect.		0
My tanning lotion always freezes 😒		0
Want it to be the weekend already!!		0
ima do these projects later 😏		0
There's something in my eye but I already turned off the lights so adbfbdb		0
Can't stop daydreaming about wearing tank tops and short shorts. Come onnnn warm weather, I'm ready for you.		0
Come on make it happen!		0
if you don't like the Beatles you're immediately a douche regardless of age, gender, hipsterness.		0
I pray today that The Lord will use me to the fullest to contribute with my whole heart to the Kingdom with total surrender.		0
what's a wednesday without a workout? 💪		0
Smile. You're beautiful. ❤		0
Going on a hike today. I've been wanting to get out of town &amp; into nature for awhile now✌🌲		0
So far this week has been awesome :)) and only getting better!!		0
well if Klaus and Caroline kiss my life will just be complete so it better happen!		0
So sad and so hungry.		0
Warming up our chilly hands in prep for		0
Getting quite into Temples u know		0
